"Tell them.... Who ever comes..... I'll kill them all"....... "Of course you will" (Spoiler free Review)

I have to say after seeing "John Wick" in the cinema almost 3 years ago
I had high expectations on the sequel. I have watched the first part
about three more times now and it never became boring. My fear for this
sequel was that they couldn't get a good start into the new story. With
a few similarities that chapter 2 shared with first one this could have
been a huge let down. But god damn... this movie started strong and
oddly enough it started in a way that I didn't even think about. I
wouldn't say that the scenes were predictable just because they were so
different from all the other action movies I have seen. This movie
remains serious, whilst brilliantly combining dry humor with extreme
graphic and violent images. If you have watched this movie you will
remember this one scene... this one scene that you just can not get out
of your head sheer to it's immense (and freaking awesome) brutality.
"John Wick Chapter 2" is like a "Kingsman: The Secret Service" that
even though being funny, manages to stay serious throughout the entire
2 hours. It doesn't seem too long nor too short and strikes a good
balance between action sequences and story telling. In comparison to
the first one though Chapter 2 does not seem as realistic. John Wick
was a killer I thought could actually exist in real life after watching
the first movie. That was the reason I and I think many other loved
that film so much. Chapter 2 does lose some of it's credibility due to
a few action sequences. Remember, I am not talking about a Fast and
Furious like action scene here. This is criticism on a whole new level.
"John Wick: Chapter 2" went beyond my expectations and is in my opinion
better than the first one. Go watch this movie in the cinema if you
liked the part one. If you haven't seen the prequel I would recommend
you to catch up just because it's so good. Though it is not actually
necessary to follow and enjoy the story of Chapter 2. I hope this
review was helpful to some of you who couldn't decide whether to watch
this film in the cinema or wait for the Blu-Ray and DVD release. Go to
the cinema your money will be spend wisely. 8/10
