A Damn Fine Movie..

When the network of satellites designed to control the global climate
start to attack Earth, it's a race against the clock to uncover the
real threat before a worldwide geostorm wipes out everything and
everyone. Geostorm is one of those films that i didn't expect to go see
on the Big Screen or even like in general. Unlike past disaster films
this one is actually more grounded and more realistic in it's own way
and it's not some volcano or an earthquake it's actually humans that
pull the strings here. The acting is also impressive by everyone from
Gerard Butler to Abbie Cornish to Andy Garcia and beyond. The cgi are
top notch with a lot of impressive and beautiful shots of cities
falling down or entire buildings and airplanes. It also goes a bit
dramatic during the end and i gotta say it does touch you on those
feelings, there's also comedy of course and although not every joke
hits some of them are actually pretty great and even when it's slow a
bit it picks right after especially the last 30 to 35 minutes are
action packed, special effects nerdgasm. Thanks to an all star talented
cast, impressive cgi and some heartful moments Geostorm is an action
packed popcorn flick that some people will love and some others won't
it depends on your own personal taste and if you like this kind of
movies in general but if you enjoyed films such as 2012, Armageddon,
Volcano, San Andreas and Dante's Peak you won't be disappointed.
