Sluggish Crime Saga with little Cinematic Flair

"Out of the Furnace" director Scott Cooper's "Black Mass" qualifies as
a gritty, atmospheric, but middling mobster melodrama that chronicles
the life and crimes of James "Whitey" Bulger, a notorious Boston
gangster with an Irish upbringing who evaded authorities for 16 years
before justice eventually caught and convicted him for 11 homicides.
Adapted from a thoroughgoing non-fiction bestseller by "Boston Globe"
reporters Dick Lehr and Gerard O'Neill, this unsavory, R-rated, crime
chiller provides "Pirates of the Caribbean" star Johnny Depp with a
chance to atone for far too many silly, superficial comedies. Academy
Award-winner Jack Nicholson did an imaginary take on this real-life
sociopath in Martin Scorsese's memorable law and order epic "The
Departed," a mob movie ten times more suspenseful than "Black Mass."
Now, Depp stars as the infamous felon himself. Although he appears
incredibly chilling as the bloodthirsty maniac who is currently serving
two life sentences plus five years, nothing about Depp's performance
reveals any insights about this heinous individual. Indeed, thanks to
prosthetics galore, Depp bears a striking resemblance to Bulger, but
nothing beneath his grim, tight-lipped portrayal yields a clue about
the murderer's mindset. Reportedly, Bulger refused to talk to Depp
about his life. Meantime, this is not the Depp that we have grown
accustomed to in movies like the frivolous "Pirates" franchise, "The
Lone Ranger," "Tusk," "Dark Shadows," and "Mortdecai." Instead, this is
the Depp of "Public Enemies," "Donnie Brasco," and "Once Upon a Time in
Mexico." As Bulger, Depp strangles a defenseless young harlot with a
rope, beats an adversary to death with his bare fists, and mows downs
an unarmed, but treacherous henchman with a carbine. Don't walk into
"Black Mass" and imagine you're going to see something that will make
you giggle with glee. Unquestionably, "Black Mass" constitutes a long
overdue return to form for the immensely talented Depp. Critics have
hailed his performance as Oscar worthy. As unforgettable as Depp is,
the man who steals the show and delivers the best performance is Depp's
co-star Joel Edgerton of "Warriors." Cast as corrupt FBI Agent John
Connolly, who conspired with the real-life Bulger to shield him from
prosecution, Edgerton emerges as nothing short of sensational. While
Depp relies on prosthetics to impersonate Bulger, Edgerton shuns
elaborate make-up and turns the tainted FBI agent into a sympathetic
flesh and blood character. He gets under Connolly's skin and shows us
what makes the man tick.A profane, violent, but episodic crime thriller, "Black Mass" covers
familiar ground. Director Scott Cooper, who also helmed "Crazy Heart,"
neither pulls any punches in his casual depiction of mob violence nor
does he startle us with any surprises. You've seen everything that
Cooper stages here in other gangster movies. Essentially, "Black Mass"
is an empire-building crime film, but Cooper doesn't recount either how
Bulger established his empire or solidified it with his intimidating
reputation. Instead, he dwells on episodes that earlier movies like
"The Departed," "Goodfellas," "The Town," "Killing Me Softly," "The
Friends of Eddie Coyle," and the two "Boondock Saints" thrillers have
done before and done with greater panache. Basically, the action
unfolds in five year increments, beginning in 1975 as a number of
Bulger's cronies cut deals with the Feds to save their necks. Freshman
scenarist Mark Mallouk and "Edge of Tomorrow" scribe Jez Butterworth
neglect to explore the psychology behind the treachery that prompted
Bulger's underlings to inform on him. Meantime, Cooper focuses almost
entirely on the relationship between Bulger and Connolly. The subplot
involving Whitey's older brother Billy could have been left on the
editing room floor. Incredibly, "Black Mass" omits some of the more
compelling incidents in the page-turning Lehr and O'Neill book.
Specifically, the filmmakers have altered the events that brought
Bulger and Connolly together as conspirators as well as some of the
crimes. A convicted bank robber who did 9-years in Alcatraz, Bulger masqueraded
as a Robin Hood-style gangster around South Boston, but his fellow
goons weren't fooled by his shenanigans. Ironically, loyalty among
these thieves is the first casualty. As the film unfolds, Bulger
henchman Kevin Weeks (Jesse Plemons of "Varsity Blues"), goes on the
record swearing that he isn't a "rat!" On the other hand, FBI Agent
John Connolly worshiped the ground that Bulger trod and refused to
testify against him. Connolly grew up in the same blue-collar Irish
neighborhood as Bulger. Whitey intervened in a fight where Connolly
would have suffered grievously without his support. Connolly struggles
to convince his wife Marianne (Julianne Nicholson of "Kinsey") that
loyalty supersedes morality. Nevertheless, her husband's adulation for
Bulger repels her. Connolly sets out to recruit Bulger as a source, but
Bulger balks at being an informant. Inevitably, Connolly forges an
unholy alliance with Bulger, so the Bureau can crush the Mafia in
Boston and he could claim credit for the demise of the Italians.
Ultimately, Connolly sold his soul to the devil, while Cooper makes
Bulger appear as sinister as Satan.Distinguished by its brooding cinematography, authentic production
values, and documentary flavor, "Black Mass" succeeds more as a tour de
force showcase for the actors than a landmark example of a gangster
movie. A top-tier supporting cast, featuring "Sherlock" star Benedict
Cumberbatch as Bulger's brother Billy, who carved out a reputation for
himself in Congress as a man of the people, surround Depp and Edgerton.
Kevin Bacon, David Harbour, and Adam Scott play Connolly's eloquent,
well-tailored, FBI colleagues. Harbour delivers a powerful performance
as the weak link in the group of FBI agents who turn a blind eye to
Bulger's criminal activities as long as he furnishes them with
information about the Mafia. As Bulger's amoral associates, Rory
Cochrane, Jesse Plemons, and W. Earl Brown will make your skin crawl.
Peter Sarsgaard rounds out the cast as one of Bulger's sadistic but
ill-fated adversaries. Nobody gives a weak performance in "Black Mass."
Sadly, for all of his crime-does-not-pay sentiments, Cooper has
fashioned a dreary, sluggish crime saga devoid of any cinematic flair
or unpredictable spontaneity.
