Powerfully acted, but do we need another brutal film like this?

Hounds of love is a brutal, needlessly revolting exploration of the
minds and deeds of psychopaths. No spoiler needed there. It is
brilliantly acted, but as I sat and gave nearly 2 hours of my time to
it, i wondered why it was made? With 'Snowtown' a few years back, and
an endless number of overseas films dealing with this content, the
Australian film industry is not going to stay afloat with horrific
scenes as ones captured in this film. I''m not sure I am ever going to
be able to laugh at Stephen Curry again; he plays the truly evil lead
character here. Emma Booth who came to prominence a decade ago in the
industry is impressive here; no doubt; it is guttural and devastating
her performance. Ashleigh Cummings as the poor teenager violated by the
couple is scaringly believable. The film recreates the look and feel of
Western Australia in late 1987 and is creatively shot, edited and
directed, but again I ask - why? This is not entertainment. It is
torture porn. It is based on real life serial killers as was Snowtown
but it has no real purpose. I am viewing it as part of the 2017 AACTA screening process for the
Australian film awards. Certainly Cummings and Booth deserve nods for
their work, and Susie Porter is always sturdy and believable; here in a
supporting role. Judging by the several pages of reviews already
submitted for this film, my entry is probably not required, but this
viewer is obviously not impressed by such horror and torture. No matter
how brilliantly acted.
