Strap on Your Seatbelt

I saw a couple of interviews with the cast before this film came out
and they talked about the fact that this film had a lot of twists and
turns in it; and they weren't kidding. However, that being said I went
in with a certain mindset and it took me a little time to figure it
out, but I eventually did. Either the film was moving real slow for me
or I have become accustom to seeing more action. This film is purely
psychological in nature, so if you are looking for some action, there
isn't any. It also got me to thinking how much power court appointed
psychologists have and how they have the power to manipulate the
system. On the other hand, it also made me realize that mental patients
have absolutely no control over their lives (which may be a good
thing). Dr. Jonathan Banks (Jude Law) is the psychologist on the case
of a severely depressed patient. His world is quickly turned upside
down by having to deal with anxiety, depression, pharmaceuticals and
medical ethics. Emily Taylor (Rooney Mara) is the severely depressed
woman who is desperately trying to find the right drug to cure her
affliction. Dr. Victoria Siebert (Catherine Zeta-Jones) is a former
attending psychologist of Emily who is consulted by Dr. Banks to try
and uncover some of the dilemmas of her past. Martin Taylor (Channing
Tatum) is Emily's husband and is shouldered with the responsibility of
trying to care his wife as she tries medication after medication in
addition to trying to keep the marriage together. Dierdre Banks
(Vinessa Shaw) is Jonathan's wife and she becomes a victim and
unwilling participant in the unfolding circumstances that is affecting
her life. I think that the entire cast did an excellent job, but as I
said before it was a tad slow for me in the beginning. This film
definitely keeps you on the edge of your seat and you really do not
know who is playing whom. It was difficult to know who to root for
until all is revealed at the end. I thought that the story was a good
one and it definitely takes you on a roller-coaster ride. I am not sure
that anyone could ever reach the level of a Hitchcock film, but this
one comes pretty close. Steven Soderbergh did an excellent job
embracing this genre of film. I give this film a green light.
