People who like this movie should NEVER be allow on IMDb again.

I have NEVER wrote a review in my life. EVER. But I feel compelled to
do so for this film. I'm utterly shocked, just shocked this movie has
an 8.4 rating. What on earth are people thinking? Seriously? I could go
on and on about how the plot is a complete joke. But I'll just point
out the MOST obvious of all that TOTALLY shatters any believably that
this film ever had. Okay Amy said Desi came to her house and kidnapped
her that morning. HUH? She had no clue what he was really doing that
morning. NONE! What if he had a meeting with ten other people that
could account for him not being at her house? What if he was having
breakfast with someone that morning? OK next. Now how about the diary?
So did Desi kidnap her then grab the diary and bring it to a house he
had no clue even existed and burn only about 20% of it? Next! When she
pretends to be screaming with blood on her dress against the window so
the surveillance cameras would see her. Seriously? What about ALL the
other footage those cameras captured? For example, her and Desi sitting
together on a couch watching TV. Oh she deleted that footage? Well what
the hell is her explanation for ALL the footage being erased except the
20 seconds of her screaming. This is not me nitpicking the film and
looking super hard to try and find problems. I get it, a lot of movies
have plot holes here and there and I'm okay with that. But people!
These are HUUUUGE holes in the story. Plot holes are in tons of movies
all the time. But not usually a major motion picture with a major
director and a major movie star. And please! don't tell me shes nuts
and that's why she didn't cover her tracks worth a damn. I am talking
about the fact that she gets away with it to all the law enforcement.
This belongs on Lifetime, those movies you can just shrug off. What
baffles me and actually really upsets me is the fact it has a rating of
8.4. So please people, help me understand this. What on Earth gives
this such a high rating? What were people thinking? What?
