About time the two giants of cinema come together!!

Let me start by saying that the fact alone Schwarzenegger and Stallone
are in their 60's doing a film like this is the ultimate reason to
watch this. I can never understand why people claim they are too old.
If anything they put people half their age to shame with their physical
abilities and they should inspire people to want to stay energetic well
into their senior years. This movie is absolute Gold! We finally have
the two biggest movie stars of all time headlining a movie together and
believe me you get what you pay for! The action and visuals were what I
expected, very clear and stunning. The prison was almost a character
itself in making the audience feel apart of the setting. My hat goes
off to the director who was able to balance the off-screen chemistry
between Stallone and Schwarzenegger and fuse it into the story. No joke
these two guys were made to star in a movie together. The nostalgia is
off the roof!! Every movie has its flaws and no doubt this one did but
in saying that, I was able to automatically ignore them here because of
the story, it was well paced. We see Stallone's character introduced as
a prison security expert who is set up and put into the worlds most
secure prison. Here he teams up with none other than Schwarzenegger who
plays another prisoner, pretty much "the one you don't mess with".
Together they plot their escape and it is done superbly! Overall I
think this movie is a well made action thriller and will surprise
audiences with something they haven't seen before from both Arnold and
Sly. I will be surprised if this film doesn't get much attention at the
box office because this movie goes back to a time when Hollywood was
larger than life and gave us memorable characters and memorable action
scenes. 10/10
