Snow White: Good but not great

Based on the popular fairytale ''Snow White'' comes the originally
titled ''Snow White....and The Huntsman'' ,an epic fantasy film
starring teen favourites Kristen Stewart (of Twilight fame) and Chris
Hemsworth (of Thor/Avengers fame). Now, detailing the plot shouldn't be
too hard, as we all know the story from childhood- Evil Queen (Charlize
Theron) with talking mirror is hell-bent on killing her 'pure'
step-daughter (Stewart) and hires a Huntsman (Hemsworth) to do the job
for her. The Huntsman takes pity on the girl when he finds her, and
together they become fugitives, going on a journey that involves
meeting Dwarfs. Seven of them to be precise. What follows is a major
battle between good and evil to determine who will reign over the
Kingdom, the evil Queen or our heroine Snow White?Now, I enjoyed this film a lot more than I thought I would, it reminded
me a lot of Lord of The Rings, from the grand music to the mountain
scenery, and it does feature a few spectacular fight scenes. Visually,
this is an impressive film, however, the film focuses too much on
visuals and not enough on characters, the Dwarfs are glossed over and
never really given any time to engage with the audience, which is a
shame, as the group contains excellent actors (Ray Winstone and Bob
Hoskins, amongst others ). Kristen Stewart as Snow White seems to think
she's still playing Bella from Twilight, (i.e no range of emotions,
just a blank stare for the whole film), especially when opposite to her
is Charlize Theron giving an amazingly dramatic performance as the
Queen. To sum up, a good re-telling of a classic, but by no means as
good as the Disney Classic which most of us remember.7/10
