Poor movie that could have been pretty good

Well technically this is not a 1 star, but the 8.5 rating feels so
repulsive to me that I cannot help myself. THis movie was not good-
even though it had all the tools to actually be good. It had decent
cinematography (First scene when helicoptering to the ship was really
nice actually, the way the background sounds melt into something like a
son, really liked that) and the score was pretty nice. Some tracks are
very original and well produced, others are the kind of typical OST,
but good nevertheless. The first half of the movie had me interested,
the mystery was clear and how it will be solved was definitely the
biggest part of the movie. Unfortunately dialogues and especially the
scenes with her kid were just off. All the scenes with the little girl
sucked. The dialogue was bad, too clich√©, too wannabe emotional. If any
German read this - one line at the end of the movie is literally a
Fielmann advertisement. Literally. "If you could relive your life one
more time, would you do everything just like you did before?" No, Amy
Adams would buy her glasses at Fielmann from the very start. Lmao. So
dialogue is bad, and the worst thing about it is that the twist cannot
make up for it as it also sucks. It is obvious and feels rushed, as if
the writers were not sure how to pull off a real ending to this story
and they just pushed whatever came into their mind. It was poorly
constructed and fairly obvious. All in all movie deserves 3-4, maximum
5 stars. It is Interstellar in poor. If you like SciFi give it a try,
apparently many liked this movie (i do not know why to be perfectly
honest) and if not just stay away. Definitely not worth the watch for
the regular movie watcher.
