Cancer incarnate

Please, anyone reading this, do not go out and spend money on this
'film'. By doing so, you will be paving the way for the inevitable
Emoji cinematic universe or 'Fidget Spinner: The Movie'. Never before
have I deemed a movie to be evil, but the very act of taking the icons
you use on your phone to convey some sort of emotion and converting
them into the subject of an actual movie aimed at little kids is deeply
sinister and shameless. A movie like this only further encourages the
tech and screen obsessed children of 2017 to suck harder on the
corporate teat that has consumed their entire short existence. Products
like The Emoji Movie contribute heavily to the dumbing down of the
culture and will only succeed in producing even more mindless and
braindead drones. Just imagine for a second an entire generation of
kids who grew up watching The Emoji Movie. I shudder at the thought.
Cynical and shamelessly corporate crap like this 'film' only
contributes further to a degenerate and dying culture. I mean we got
the Angry Birds Movie last year and The Lego Ninjago Movie is still to
come. How have children's movies come to this? Apps and plastic toy
bricks are now greenlit into multi million dollar movies. This is child
exploitation by corporations at it's finest, and the sad thing is many
people don't seem to care. Watching magical and inspiring films as a
child can help shape your morals, personality and even an artistic
sensibility. I shudder to think of the types of people The Emoji Movie
will produce.
