Good Direction, But the Script Needs Some Work

Director Sheridan wrote Sicario and Hell or High Water, two of the most
thoughtfully intense films of the last couple years, but this is
(essentially) his directing debut. However, somehow he seems to have
focused so much on the beauty of the visuals (which truly are stunning)
that the script took a backseat. With a lack of character or
distinction, and an unexpected plethora of clichéd storytelling and
on-the-nose dialogue, Wind River is little more than a beautiful but
ham-fisted allegory of how Native Americans have been poorly treated.
Renner and Olsen take a break from their Avengers duties to join up
with a local sheriff (scene-stealer Greene) to solve a crime in the
frozen tundra of a Wyoming Indian reservation. The mystery itself, a
young woman found brutalized and frozen in the woods, is an absorbing
one, thanks to the skill in the filmmaking details. A uniquely
foreboding score, intensely authentic action, gorgeously gruesome dead
bodies atop scenic snow, and a lead hero who displays an aptitude for
cool vengeance that should make Liam Neeson proud, all help boost the
engagement. Unfortunately, once the mystery is resolved and explained,
it's less, "Woah!", and more "Oh". The appeal of the mystery begins to
dissipate when the conclusion is unsatisfying, leaving us with more
unintended questions than answers: Why is the camera so shaky during
simple dialogue scenes? What's with the hackneyed one-liners? Are these
performances nicely subtle, or just dry as a bone? Is this the best we
can do to portray the suffering of Indian-Americans? Wind River might
have some helpful thoughts on wrestling grief, but it's mostly just
unnecessarily brooding and too uncomplicated in its anger.
