Humble retelling, Hollywood critics eat a bag crap!

OK, so I've been wanting to see this "Film" for about a month and a
half. And yet Hollywood is going to slam it for not being, The Last
Samurai, which I really enjoy, or 300. 47 Ronin is one of these films
that gains traction after its DVD release. It's a one of those films
that has stage presence, without the song! I guess what kept me engaged
in this "Film", was the simple fact that the West is still waiting for
that EPIC martial arts movie. Not this Dancing on the tree tops crap.
And though this movie lacked DTS, I didn't go to the theater to see it
loudly, I went to see a mysterious retelling of 47 Masterless Samurai
stage a Cou d'eta knowing damn well they're going to get tried for
Treason. I went to go see Keanue Reeves flex his acting skills outside
the realm of the Matrix, which he did well...he's not the same Keanue
from the early 90's. His acting is not pretentious like Tom Cruise,
Keanue plays humble very well. I'd like to think there is likely a
Directors Cut of this FILM, and I can't wait until March or April when
this will probably come out on Disc. On IMDb.com I gave it an initial 9
out of 10 stars but because it lacked EPIC like 300, I dumbed it down
to 8. I liked the Film overall because all the Characters were
portrayed well by their Actors and Actresses. ( Side note: Keanue
Reeves plays more of a supporting role than a lead role.) HHollywood
critics can eat a bag crap, some people in the West have a good
perspective of the East, nice Vision.
