Aggressively charming and visually creative

THE BOOK OF LIFE is produced by Guillermo del Toro, directed by Jorge
Gutierrez, and features an outstanding voice cast to tell its story of
true love (along with a generous helping of Mexican culture). The basic
plot is about two boys, Joaquin (Diego Luna) and Manolo (Channing
Tatum), who vie for the affections of a girl, Maria (Zoe Saldana). As
people they're fairly opposite, with Manolo being a musician at heart
(his family's profession is bullfighter) and Joaquin being a soldier
who does great deeds of derring-do. Unbeknownst to them, however, Lady
Muerte and Xibalba (Ron Perlman) have entered into a wager about which
of them can win the heart of Maria and it sets Manolo on a journey that
will take him to both realms of the dead. First, I should say that the
character design, animation and overall look of the film was extremely
creative and visually unique, befitting a Guillermo del Toro
production. The colors popped and everything in the world of the film
was brought to vibrant life. The voice cast was equally impressive,
although there were a couple of people who took me out of it for a
little bit before getting sucked back into the story. The biggest
offender was probably Ice Cube, who voices the Candlemaker, although
they did stick in a couple of good jokes and references for him. I also
got taken a little bit out of the story by realizing that Danny Trejo
and Cheech Marin also voiced characters in the film, but again, they
still did great work here. Another high point was the music. The score
was pretty good, but what really stood out was the use of modern pop
songs in what is (mostly) a period piece set at an indeterminate time
in the past. Of course, I didn't mind that one bit at all. I also
thought that the first half to two-thirds of the story were excellent.
It succeeded telling an emotionally moving story with plenty of
interesting characters, but at a certain point it resorted to the
standard climax and resolution that wrapped up everything with a nice
little bow. And despite much of the humor working, at times I felt it
was a little too silly for its own good. Still, at the end I was
completely won over. Had I seen this last year, I'm fairly certain it
would have made my top ten. As it stands, this was an incredibly
charming and visually rich film that should appeal to kids and adults
alike, and also serves as a valuable cultural lesson.
