Bone Crunching, Skull Crushing Good Time!

Bradley can rip a car apart as well as break bones with his bare hands.
He has spent time in prison and is not the kind of person you want to
anger. Even so, he is sorely tested. When domestic and financial
pressures force Bradley back into the drug business, he manages to keep
his head down for a time. He is tough, smart, cool headed, motivated
and resourceful. Unfortunately, Bradley's partners in crime do not
share such qualities. Behind bars again, Bradley discovers his troubles
are only just beginning. His strengths have become a liability, as
there are powerful people who intend to use Bradley for their own
advantage.A bone crunching, skull crushing good time! There are not just
delightful twists and turns, but delicious shifts in structure and
escalations of tension. There is wonderful wit, sarcasm and humor to
the taunts and trash talk. For example, one of the characters in prison
laments "I wish I had a bigger cell." Bradley replies, "you may want to
aim a little higher with your wishes." Vince Vaughn is brilliantly cast
as Bradley. Vince does so well that I am baffled as to why he has not
tried such roles before. Bradley is a compelling character too, the
rare tough yet good guy with the odds stacked against him. The
emotional investment in the character makes the fight scenes work.
Vince can't pull off a southern accent though, and shouldn't have
tried. Don Johnson makes a great private prison tyrant. One of the
great qualities of the film is that it reveals the sad state of our
prisons, public and especially private. These maximum security, minimum
freedom for-profit torture chambers are our national shame. Seen with
the midnight madness crowd at the Toronto International Film Festival.
