People hate when a classic is remade, but this one is great!

Oldboy is a remake or reimagination of the 2003 korean movie Oldeuboi.
This new version has been badgered by both critics and viewers as a
poor, shallow remake, that soils the memory of the original. I
disagree. This one was great. The premise is the same as Oldeuboi, a
man gets impriosoned for 20 years without knowing why, and when he gets
out he seeks out vengeance. But its not that linear. The story is
filled with mysteries, and keeps making the viewer asking questions,
the same questions as the protagonist, despite him not being the most
likable man. Why was he impriosioned, who did it, why was he released?
Also the story is dark, twisted and leaves a bad taste in your mouth. A
great story, a great mystery. The acting was very good, Josh Brolin
does a very nice job, as does Sharlto Copley as the main antagonist.
But the movie isn't without flaws. In my opinion the 20 years feel a
little bit fast-paced, and don't feel like 20 years but maybe as 20
months. And some product placement was unnecessary. But overall great
movie, unworthy of all the hate it has received. On a personal note, I
have watched the original, and I liked this one very much. Everyone is
comparing this one with the original, and I think that's a mistake.
This is a new movie, a new take on the same premise, it has some
homages to the original, and that's it. The original was brilliant, but
it wasn't without flaw, and neither is this one.If you hate when
someone makes a remake of a cult classic you love and you're not open
to a new vision on that movie, stay away from this one. If you just
love movies, and if you want to watch a great remake, a great
reimagination, I think you will enjoy this very much.
