This is a formulaic Bond film that maintains an efficient dose of gadgets, car chases, stunts, females, tailored suits and gorgeous locales. Bond is back in action.

'The dead are alive' is a forewarning that has dual implications. Agent
007 has gone rogue and is in Mexico City in the midst of the 'day of
the dead' festivities as he keenly follows M's last order. In the
vibrant city center, he pursues the masked assassin in a lengthy single
shot that leads him to a hotel rooftop from where he executes his
mission. A building blows up as a result and soon the action leads to a
thrilling helicopter sequence that disperses the crowd of thousands
while the agent engages in a physical combat inside the barrel rolling
chopper. 'Spectre' is what some fans of this franchise have been
waiting for since 'Casino Royale', which still remains Daniel Craig's
best take on the secret agent. While Spectre might be campy and
incredulous in parts akin to Bond of prior generations, it still
retains some of the darkness and grimness of Sam Mendes' 'Skyfall' and
with a lot more entertainment. This is a formulaic Bond film that
maintains an efficient dose of gadgets, car chases, stunts, females,
tailored suits and gorgeous locales. Bond is back in action.MI6's 'OO' program is on the verge of being shut down because of C
(Andrew Scott)'s digital initiative that will render the secret agents
obsolete. With the threat of drones and spycrafts taking over British
Intelligence, M (Ralph Fiennes) must rely on Bond's intelligence
gathering about the secret organization that links the multiple threats
across the world before C's cameras take over global security. After
seeking out the assassin Sciarra's widow (Monica Belluci) and probing
her about the organization, Bond gains entry to a top secret meeting
where Blofeld (Christopher Waltz) is revealed to him as the head of
Spectre. Bond, in the Aston Martin DB10 that he stole from the
Quartermaster at MI6 is chased by the intimidating assassin Mr. Hinx
(Bautista) whose Jaguar C- X75 unleashes itself onto the deserted
streets of Rome. This is a thrilling car chase that is even more
appealing because of the ravishing concept cars. Further clues lead
Bond to Mr. White in Austria who has been paying the price for
betraying Blofeld. His final plea to Bond is to protect his daughter
Madeline (Lea Seydoux) who can get him closer to Blofeld's lair. Upon
meeting Madeline, Bond has yet another chase involving Hinx in a Land
Rover and himself in a plane. Together with Q (Ben Whishaw), who
ventured on field for the first time, they discover their next lead in
Morocco where they encounter Hynx yet again in the train that leads
them to the Spectre facility. Bond's capture and confrontation with
Blofeld involves a rather contrived sub-plot that not only links all of
Bond's past villains but also Spectre's link with C's surveillance
initiative. Then there's the bit about James' childhood and Blofeld's
true identity as Oberhauser. Suddenly, James Bond has an origin story
that we didn't really need but will have to endure so he can plan his
escape. The film's climax in London swings between the surveillance
program's launch and the explosion of the former MI6 headquarters with
Bond stuck in it and Oberhauser seeking a timely escape. Whether or not Spectre justifies why Daniel Craig's James Bond has been
living alone in the shadows, hunting and being hunted throughout his
adventures, it does mark a triumphant return of the agent we have been
entertained by for decades. Craig's rough and intense Bond was a
refreshing take on Ian Fleming's character and he still retains the
suave and composure. This Bond will maintain a serious countenance
after narrowly escaping death instead of kissing the nearest woman he
can find while smiling away into the closing credits. He is
indisputably, the best James Bond. Christopher Waltz makes a sinister
villain with his power and conniving plans. However, one does wish for
more intellectual confrontations with him. Simply put, Lea Seydoux is
more than what Olga Kurylenko could be as a Bond girl and far less than
what Eva Green was. Ben Whishaw has more fun being Q who is more often
in a state of disbelief as to Bond's actions. Naomie Harris' Moneypenny
is very likable because she is more than just a secretary to M while
assisting Bond through his secret missions. Andrew Scott makes evil
look so much cooler and Ralph Fiennes shows his maturity playing M,
whose agency is on the verge of being shut down completely. James Bond's return to form doesn't come without the spectacular action
scenes and Spectre has quite a few of them. Apart from one of the best
opening sequences, the car chase through Rome, the airplane-SUV chase
in Austria, the raw physical fight in the Moroccan train and the
climactic closure in London make this among the more satisfying Bond
films in recent times. Cinematographer Hoyte Van Hotytema does a
stunning job with the vistas and the action sequences to engage the
audience. Director Sam Mendes unnecessarily tries to create massive story-arcs
that span 4 films. Adding to that, he attempts to weigh in on Bond's
steely personality by giving him a back-story that almost turned him
into Bruce Wayne. Were it not for Mendes paying tribute to the
Broccolis, we would've had an even darker take on Bond than Skyfall.
The worst of it all though, is Sam Smith's opening credits song which
is creepily visualized and overly sluggish for a Bond theme. Yet, all
these drawbacks shouldn't take away from the entertainment that Spectre
offers as an old- fashioned Bond adventure with a serious, contemporary
storyline. Each time things get worse, with the out of control
helicopter, the Aston Martin dangerously close to the canal, the
airplane losing its wings and the MI6 building just seconds away from
imploding, Bond regains control with the coolness and composure that
only this MI6 agent could own. Welcome back 007. 8.221 on a scale of 1-10.
