Not really worth a rental, but it wouldn't be a awful rental

Although it ain't saying much but the 2007 version is better than this
one. And it's not only because you get to see Olga Kurylenko topless
either. It seemed like they actually put some effort into the 2007
version of "Hitman" the movie. This one just seemed like a cheap
attempt. Just about every potential in this movie is wasted, such as
Zachary Quinto. The whole thing suffers from Paul W. S. Anderson's
direction when it comes to video game to movie form. Except it doesn't
stray that far from the source material. Audiences that doesn't know
about "Hitman" video games will find this movie odd for negative
reasons. And the gamers that know about this video game franchise will
be left disappointed. Because the actor that plays Agent 47 does not
resemble 47 besides the shaved head. And the way Agent 47 does things
in the video game is very very different. Kind of like how Paul W. S.
Anderson took a survival horror game into a straight up kung-fu action
movie with bullet time and people pulling off "The Matrix" maneuvers.
Watching this was like watching a crappy version of "The Terminator".
On a positive note, maybe it's because this movie is just 1 hour and 30
minutes but the characters weren't really annoying but they are still
easily forgettable. The hand to hand fight choreography was choppy but
alright as well. However I was just checking my watch throughout this
whole mess of a film, even though I try to give it a shot and see the
positive aspects of it. I have just seen way way better action movies
over this one. The whole premise and direction is lame and for a movie
that actually made it to theaters, the CGI in this is really bad.
Especially for a movie that made it to theaters in 2015. It's not
really worth a rental, but it wouldn't be a awful rental.4/10
