More Crap From The Crap Master

M. Night Sham is back and as lousy as ever. Presenting the one director
most famous for living his career in reverse. His great masterpiece was
his first movie and it has been nothing but downhill from there. Each
film gets worse and worse. And believe it or not, in an attempt to make
a big comeback, he resorts to the found footage genre, the cheapest,
sleaziest and laziest genre in existence today (sometimes I wish Blair
Witch Project was never made so I didn't have to suffer through one of
these lousy movies after another). This film might have been something
where we saw some promise if it was some director's first attempt, but
it's not, it's freaking' M. Night Sham's umpteenth freaking' film and
so it's a pile of garbage. The big surprise twist is obvious from about
twenty minutes into the film and from then on it's just another stupid
found footage film. This could have been a pretty scary film if it
WASN'T in the found footage genre. The found footage concept detracts
from everything as we wonder, who is still filming? why is the camera
still filming? how convenient that the camera fell to the ground and is
still filming at such a great angle. Blah blah freaking' blah blah blah
like EVERY other found footage film ever made. Too lazy to actually
make a film, well then, resort to found footage. The crappy
cinematography can be blamed on the concept. Yeah, M. Night Sham is
back alright, back to the same old crapola.
