"The Green Inferno" is a bloody good movie, but not as bloody as you'd think.

Think about the first time you rode some big, new roller coaster. As
you waited in line and contemplated what lay ahead, your heart started
beating faster. When you occupied your seat, and the picture in front
of you began to move, you found yourself wondering what you had gotten
yourself into. As you arrived at that first really scary moment, you
resisted the urge to close your eyes, even as others around you were
enjoying the thrill by thrusting their arms into the air. From that
point, everything was a blur of shouts and screams, ups and downs,
punctuated by brief moments of relative stillness. Then, suddenly, the
ride ended. You were surprised how quickly it went by and, even though
you felt a little queasy, you were glad you had the experience. You
even may have commented that it wasn't as bad as you thought it was
going to be, and that you kind of enjoyed it, all as you started to
look forward to that next uncomfortable challenge. You just rode a
scary new coaster, but might as well have been experiencing the
uncomfortable thrill of a new Eli Roth movie one like "The Green
Inferno" (R, 1:40), for example.Personal feelings about graphically violent movies like the "Saw"
franchise or Roth's own "Hostel" films aside, Roth's film "The Green
Inferno" has a colorful history. The film traces its roots to
cannibal-themed movies made in Italy during the 1970s and 80s. Roth's
2015 resurrection of this controversial horror sub-genre draws most
directly from 1980's "Cannibal Holocaust", a movie so realistic that
director Ruggero Deodato was arrested and put on trial for the murder
of some of the actors in the film. (Deodato was only exonerated after
he gathered all of his actors together for a TV show appearance and
then demonstrated in court the special effects used to create the
actors' "deaths".) That movie's working title was "The Green Inferno",
a title which was eventually applied to the most gruesome scenes in
"Cannibal Holocaust", specifically, the film within the film that
purports to show footage from a missing documentary film crew. (This
was the first use of the "found footage" or "pseudo-documentary"
device, which was popularized in the U.S. by 1999's "The Blair Witch
Project".) The title "The Green Inferno" was later also used as an
alternate title for the 1988 sequel "Cannibal Holocaust II". Eli Roth
filmed "The Green Inferno" in the jungles of Peru in 2012. His film
opened at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival. It was
scheduled to be released in the U.S. in September 2014, but financial
problems at the film's production company led to the film being pulled.
Blumhouse Productions stepped in and the company's multi-platform
releasing arm, BH Tilt, released "The Green Inferno" on September 25,
2015.After a brief scene of bulldozers flattening a rain forest in the
Amazon, the narrative of Roth's cannibal film starts innocuously on the
streets of New York City. College freshman Justine (Lorenza Izzo) and
her roommate, Kaycee (singer-songwriter Sky Ferreira), are annoyed by
the student activists protesting outside their window, but Justine is
also intrigued. She attends one of the group's meetings in which their
charismatic student leader, Alejandro (Ariel Levy), discusses their
plan to save a village in Peru from being overrun by bulldozers paving
the way for a natural gas mining operation. The students plan to dress
as workers, chain themselves to trees and bulldozers, then live stream
video from their cell phones to get the world's attention  and keep
themselves from being shot by the armed mercenaries which protect the
operation. Justine's dad (Richard Burgi), a lawyer at the U.N.,
expresses his reservations, but Justine goes on what she naively
believes will be a weekend trip to save a native tribe from extinction.After landing in Peru, everything goes according to plan until their
small plane crashes in the Amazonian jungle. Several of the students
die in the crash, but the survivors are captured by the very tribe that
the group was there to save. Not speaking any English or having had any
positive experience with outsiders, the tribe considers their captives
their enemy  and their dinner. One of the students is ritualistically
killed by the village's elder / high priestess (Antonieta Pari) and
then he is promptly dismembered, cooked and eaten. His friends watch in
horror from behind the wooden bars where they are confined. What
follows are more killings, more feasting and various attempts by the
students to escape before the natives finish them off, whether for
food, as punishment, or because of their brutal religious practices."The Green Inferno" is a wonderful family movie. (Still reading? Just
checking.) Actually, the film is more restrained than I expected.
There's much less nudity than in previous Eli Roth movies and the gore,
as disturbing as it is, could have been a lot more graphic, given
what's happening on screen. Most of what's shown is on par with typical
slasher flicks. You might even say that this is a relatively tasteful
cannibal movie. The story's solid, the acting's fairly decent for this
genre and the film works as a horror movie, a thriller, a political
commentary and there's even some dark comedy. Some call this kind of
movie "torture porn". I think that's a stretch, but the more graphic
scenes make it difficult to simply call this movie "entertaining"
without qualifying the term. I judge movies based on how entertaining
they are and how well they each accomplish their individual goals.
Based on those measures, I'd have to say that, much like that big, new
roller coaster, this movie isn't for everyone, but many will find it
bloody good. "B+"
