I would rather....be broke for life!!!

Would You Rather tells the story of Iris, a young woman ( played by
Brittany Snow ) who is in dire need of a job, trying to take care of
her ailing brother who is in dire need of a bone marrow transplant.
Desperate times call for desperate measures, and the measures get
pretty desperate when she turns to the wrong man for help: A rich man
worth millions invites house guests over to his mansion to compete in a
sadistic game called Would You Rather. Now, rest assured, he's not
inviting them over to play Wheel Of Fortune or Jeopardy. In fact, the
only trivia question being asked is "Would you rather?", at that point
each guest is asked to perform grisly acts to make it to the next
round...if they even live to see the next round. By the beginning of
round two, when the plastic is laid out to protect the expensive assets
around the area, we can bet it's going to get pretty messy in here.
Would You Rather delivers non stop intense suspense, along with that
stressful, annoying music that always plays in a movie whenever
something bad is going to happen. Don't want to play anymore? Want to
go home? No problem...you'll be forced to continue the game by the wave
of a gun, you have to play now! So, the question is : Can Iris survive
this insane , violent game, and save her brother in time? Or will her
fate be an early casket, along with her brother? Would You Rather is
not a disappointment, however, gore hounds may be a little
disappointed, it's not that gory. Would You Rather concentrates more on
being a great, low budget film, rather then be a blood and guts film,
and I liked that route...and you won't forget it. If you think you'd do
anything for money, check this flick out, and see if you're still
saying that.
