A complete package

Boy oh Boy....this was a great experience....I have to say after Man of
Steel (which was okay but by no means great), I didn't have much
expectations from this, and to top it off the castings for this film
had set the comic book fans on fire. But tell you what, this is epic.
Some people are even calling it better than the Dark Knight, while I
wouldn't go that far, I would still call this a complete package.
Affleck's Batman is AMAZING. His Bruce Wayne is not as cool and casual
as Christian Bale's but he doesn't need to considering this is a
relatively old Batman who has seen some very dark times. His
partnership with Jeremy Irons adds some much needed lightness to the
movie. Cavill delivered the dialogues during the fight scene with
Batman in a near perfect way. Gal Gadot had a much bigger role to play
than seen in the trailers. And Jesse was good in a complex way. Fans
have to understand that his Luthor is not muscular as compared to what
we have seen in previous Superman movies His Luthor is an evil genius
who does a great job of pitting the two giants against each other.
Jesse played the role to his strengths as he should have. Contrary to
the popular perception(especially after the third trailer) that the
whole movie was spoil-ed, the plot was way more deeper than we
imagined. The only issues were a fight scene where CGI looked dull and
maybe, just maybe a bit over stuffing. But overall, this is EPIC.
