Great Effects, but Lacks Substance

As an avowed fan of the original Planet of the Apes films and the 2011
reboot Rise of the Planet of the Apes, it was with some anticipation
that I awaited this latest instalment in the prequel series. Maybe I
had my expectations too high, or maybe the film is just missing that
something special, but I left the cinema feeling a little underwhelmed.
Of course, the motion capture effects are amazing, the post-apocalyptic
atmosphere is suitably bleak (power supplies have almost been exhausted
and the human populace is in panic mode) and there is action aplenty,
which might very well be the problem. You see, as strange as it may
seem given that the majority of characters are apes, Dawn of the Planet
of the Apes is very typical in both its characterisations and narrative
structure.Directed by Matt Reeves (Cloverfield, Let Me In), Dawn of the Planet of
the Apes picks up the story 10 years after the events of the previous
film with the vast majority of the earth's population having been wiped
out; either by the ALZ-113 virus or the violence that broke out as
panic set in. A group of survivors have etched out an existence amongst
the remnants of what was once San Francisco, but fuel supplies have
been exhausted and an alternate power source must be found. Meanwhile,
in the forests north of the city, the burgeoning ape population is
living peacefully under the rule of Caesar (Andy Serkis), a benevolent
dictator of sorts. When a group of humans led by Malcolm (Australia's
Jason Clarke) head into the forest in an effort to repair a dam that
could potentially generate power for the city, conflict ensues. Despite
the best efforts of Caesar and Malcolm to hash out a peaceful
co-existence between the two groups, ignorance and distrust abounds and
the tensions escalate. There are the requisite bad guys on each side 
Gary Oldman's Dreyfus for the humans and the scarred Koba (Toby
Kebbell) for the apes  whose actions ultimately result in war between
the two groups.The attitudes and actions of key characters are a reflection of what
has been happening around the world for as long as we can remember.
Koba's experiences in captivity have left him with a bitter hatred of
all humans, an attitude that reflects ways in which certain groups
today (such as the Islamic community) are marginalised because of the
actions of a few. Dreyfus, on the other hand is of the arrogant belief
that they are "just apes" and thereby don't pose a serious threat.
Again, how many times in history have we seen such situations where one
group has such an overwhelming sense of superiority over another that
they feel utterly justified in their desire to use force in an effort
to secure what they want. Of course Caesar and Malcolm, who have
developed a mutual respect and know that such conflict is completely
unnecessary, are caught in the middle as war breaks out. The parallels
to conflicts such as those in the Middle East are obvious and it is
this distinct lack of subtlety that prevents the film from soaring as
an engaging narrative. Reeves was obviously conscious of the need to
appease an action-obsessed audience desperate for a fix of mayhem and
chaos and such a focus prevents the film from offering any genuine
insight into what is an utterly intriguing premise.There is still much to appreciate in what has been achieved on a
technical and aesthetic level. The motion capture work is brilliant
and, even if there are a few moments where some of the apes don't look
quite real, the creation of the forest world and the apes who inhabit
it is remarkable; certainly a far cry from Roddy McDowall in costume in
the first Planet of the Apes in 1968. As Caesar, Andy Serkis is
fabulous and it is great to see that he is duly credited as the star of
the film. The casting of Clarke as Norman is a good choice because he
doesn't bring any pre-conceived audience expectations or the baggage of
previous roles that might burden a higher profile actor. Whilst Clarke
is quietly effective as Norman, fellow Aussie Kodi Smit-McPhee has
little to do as his son Alexander, while Keri Russell's Ellie is the
convenient love interest with requisite medical training. Perhaps the
biggest disappointment amongst the cast is seeing a talented actor like
Oldman confined yet again to a one-dimensional role as a bombastic,
narrow-minded douchebag. Whilst there are elements that impress, Dawn
of the Planet of Apes possesses neither the intelligence nor the heart
of its predecessor.
