With the right PR and word-of-mouth, "The Big Sick" could be a big hit for all involved.

Director Michael Showalter ("Hello My Name is Doris" - 2014) has found
a terrific collaborative relationship with writer/star Kumail Nanjiani
("Silicon Valley") and writer/wife/actor Emily V. Gordon. Based (at
least somewhat) on the real life romance of Kumail and Emily, a couple
from different cultural backgrounds and traditions, this 'little film
that could" garnered one of the biggest deals in Sundance Film Festival
history. And, everything is right in this film, from the realistic
writing, a storyline filled with plausible surprises, to the terrific
casting of the honest Zoe Kazan "Emily," Holly Hunter and Ray Romano as
Emily's parents, Aidy Bryant (SNL), Bo Burnham ("Zack Stone is Gonna Be
Famous") and Kurt Braunohler as Kumail's comedy buddies, to the equally
great and ethnically packed cast featuring Anupam Kher ("Silver Lining
Playbook"), Zenobia Sheriff, Adeel Akhtar ("The Dictator") and Shenaz
Treasury as Kumail's lovable family, along with a slue of terrific
female mates for Kumail to marry. David Alan Greir even appears for a
few brief scenes as the comedy store MC. The feel of this film is right
in line with "Little Miss Sunshine" and "The Way Way Back," leaving the
audience with a feel good feeling at the films conclusion. Films like
this, much like Melissa McCarthy's "Nobodies" TV show, are filling the
screen with a great group of stand- up/comedy actors that help cement
the production in reliability and truth. With the right PR and
word-of-mouth, "The Big Sick" could be a big hit for all involved.
