Wait For Cable

I saw "As Above, So Below", starring Perdita Weeks-Prowl, The
Tudors_tv; Ben Feldman-Mad Men_tv, Cloverfield; Edwin Hodge-The Purge,
Red Dawn_2012 and Francois Civil-Rosemary's Baby_tv, Frank.This is a poor attempt at a horror movie. It's as if the Paranormal
Activity people are trying to branch out and try something different.
They use the hand held cameras, or even sometimes, a camera is strapped
to their heads to make it look like it's found video. The scares-if you
can call them that-are usually pretty lame; mostly it's people or
things showing up where they should not be. Perdita plays an
archaeologist that is carrying on with her father's work of finding an
artifact called the Philosopher's Stone. It seems he died before
finishing his work. Ben is a language expert that tags along to help
interpret the mysterious writings on the walls and Edwin is the camera
man that films everything. The trail leads to Paris, specifically,
underneath Paris and into the catacombs where dead people are buried.
Francois is a local that knows the catacombs and becomes their guide.
They come across a warning on a wall that says, 'Abandon All Hope, Ye
Who Enter Here' and someone says, 'We must keep going'. Someone later
on dies and someone else says, 'We must keep going'. Someone sees a
burning car in the catacombs that sucks one of them into it and someone
else says, Yep, you guessed it, 'We must keep on going'. It just wasn't
very good. It's rated "R" for violence and language and has a running
time of 1 hour & 33 minutes. I would not buy this on DVD. I would not
rent it, either. If you really want to see it, wait until it comes to
cable TV.
