Choose remakes. Choose re-imaginings. Choose sequels. Choose reboots. Choose life in 2017.

Following in the recent trend of dated sequels, reboots and kick-starts
(literally and figuratively) here Danny Boyle's 90s cult classic gets a
final shot in the arm; loosely hanging its narrative and character
development around Irving Welsh's literary sequel 'Porno' and trying to
circumnavigate a world two decades older  and wearier  than its
predecessor (despite the book only giving way to nine).All of the familiar faces are back  and those who aren't are at least
in some way alluded to or given a not-so-subtle nod  but now generally
referred to by their given names: Mark (Renton), Simon (Sick-Boy),
Danny (Spud) and Frank (Begbie). And generally speaking, T2 is very
much a nostalgia piece, revisiting all of the iconic imagery, scenery
and/or moments which made the first movie so overtly unique, refreshing
and unforgettable: from the worst toilet in Scotland, to parallel chase
sequence moments, to snarky comments about the danger of underage
girls; this follow-up seems almost determined to create an abstract
sense of reflection. We as an audience are offered the chance to relive
and reminisce on past glories in much the same way as the characters
on-screen are. The misanthropic tone is a far cry from the jubilant
anger of the first incarnation however and McGregor's lengthy 'Choose
Life' explanatory diatribe (citing more modern pitfalls of Facebook,
Twitter and "Slut Shaming") is the only real moment in which any
character fully engages and communicates a sense of circumstantial
disillusionment. On a positive note, the character development of Spud
 who emerges as the primary, sympathetic protagonist  is excellent;
despite what feels like a somewhat-forced, Hollywood-friendly,
conclusive arc for Ewen Bremner's dim-witted addict. Overall, it's a
serviceable enough cap tip to the original, but truthfully lacks the
bark or bite to have the modern day resonance it craves (and the
original so easily garnered).
