A perfect blend of drama & adventure.

In the Heart of the Sea tells the true story of the Essex, a whaling
ship. In 1820, while first mate Owen Chase(Chris Hemsworth), captain
George Pollard(Benjamin Walker) & the rest of the crew were searching
for whales in the middle of the ocean, they encounter a gigantic sperm
whale. This gigantic whale causes the Essex to sink. Now, it is up to
Owen Chase & the rest of his crew to somehow survive the harsh
conditions at sea. They will also have to be alert for the return of
the whale. The true story of this movie, inspired Herman Melville's(Ben
Whishaw) famous novel, Moby Dick. In the Heart of the Sea is a spectacular film. The CGI is perfect & the
whales in the movie look extremely realistic & intimidating. The 3D
works really well in all the scenes involving the whales & the chaos &
destruction set pieces. However, it is unnecessary for the emotional
scenes of the movie. Director Ron Howard perfectly captures the
suffering of all the crew members of the Essex. He makes sure that the
movie is not just about the special effects & adventure but, also adds
dramatic set pieces. One flaw of the movie is the lack of character
development. Despite everything they go through, you don't genuinely
care about the fate of all the characters in the movie. You only care
about, Chris Hemsworth's character, Tom Holland's character, Cillian
Murphy's character & to a certain extent, Benjamin Walker's character.
At the end of the day, this is not a major flaw because, you can't give
each & every character a detailed back-story. This would have
unnecessarily elongated the duration of the movie. Chris Hemsworth has
given the best performance of his career, as Owen Chase. Hemsworth's
dramatic weight loss for the film, shows the dedication & hard work he
has put in for his role. Benjamin Walker is great as George Pollard.
Cillian Murphy is brilliant as Matthew Joy. Brendan Gleeson is good as
Tom Nickerson. Ben Whishaw is wonderful as Herman Melville. Tom Holland
is outstanding as Thomas Nickerson. Frank Dillane is superb as Owen
Coffin. The supporting characters are impressive too. In the Heart of
the Sea is a must watch. Go for it!
