Non-Stop Suspense. Yes! Non-Stop Action. Not really. Still, it was a great thrill ride.

Some people might get confused, as there was a Lifetime TV movie made
in 2013 name 'Non-Stop', with similar concept where a man put everyone
in terrible danger on an airplane. This movie is a little bit better
than that. So watch out when trying to find this film. In plane sight,
this 2014 film by Jaume Collet-Serra, might fall into that type of
stupid action film on a plane, but surprising, this movie had a lot of
twist and turns that make up majority of the film. The film had little
to no action to it. At age 62, at the time of filming this. Liam Neeson
can still kick butt, but gees. I really doubt, he can for long period
of time. There is very little room for Liam Neeson to engage a person
if his character really wanted to. So, if you're looking for something
like 2008's Taken, it's not that movie. It reminds me more of 1978's
Agatha Christie's Murder on the Orient Express or a Hitchcock's film,
you really can't tell who the murderer is in this film as everybody is
made out to be suspects. The movie is about an broken down alcoholic
U.S air marshal Bill Marks (Liam Neeson) who on a non-stop flight from
New York to London, receive a text message on his secure phone stating
that someone on the plane will die every 20 minutes unless $150 million
is transferred into a specific bank account. Soon enough, people start
to die, and Bill is the only one who can stop it. Movie was a bit
turbulence when it's come down being plausible because it all happen in
a plane, but once you find out who the murderer is, the film kinda make
it look like it's possible. I wouldn't say, all the plot holes were
sealed. There were a few unrealistic things that go through the film,
like how people can't hear anything or going on. Example is the fight
in the bathroom. That was pretty loud. Honestly, if you dissect the
film, you find others far-fetch things that might be bothersome like
why the Air Marshal Service would hire a drunk Cop? For the most part,
it's pretty entertaining that it keep your attention enough, so you
don't question that. You will have to suspend a lot of disbelief. The
film does make a good statement on our post 9/11 fear of air travel, as
the movie digs deep into the discussion if Air Marshall are really
needed or not. Some people might get offended by how the film portrays
some of the 9/11 victims and a US soldier as terrorists, but I have to
say. It could happen. The movie isn't being political correct here.
Even the Islamic doctor, Fahim Nasir (Omar Metwally) could be the
killer. The movie even have a disturbing scene that remind me of Sept.
11's Flight United 93 where the passenger fought back against the
terrorist to regain the plane. The film also dig into how quickly the
media is, to able to villainous a person without learning any solid
facts about what is truly happening. The film makes us know, how
depressed Marks is, hating his job and having a couple of run-ins with
some passengers before he boards the plane. Liam Neeson really made
this movie, good as you can see the stress in his film. The acting is
alright from the supporting cast. They weren't so annoying like other
films like this. Julianne Moore as Jen Summers who sat next to Marks on
the plane was an interesting subplot, because she seem to display an
inordinate amount of concern for him. I can do without the un-necessary
romance in action film. Jen Summer is example of this. Then there was
the air attendant Nancy (Michelle Dockery) who had access to every
place on the airplane; could she be the killer? Could it be the
non-existent Gwen (Lupita Nyong'o)? I almost forgot that Oscar Winner,
Lupita was even in this movie. Could it, be the hot-headed New York cop
Austin Reilly (Corey Stoll) as the killer? Corey Stoll is amazing
actor. I love him in this movie. Maybe, it's the cell phone programmer,
Zack White (Nate Parker) or the man, Bill Marks talk with before the
flight, Tom Bowen (Scoot McNairy)? Maybe the killer is the other Air
Marshall, not-trustworthy Jack Hammond (Anson Mount)? You just have to
watch it to find out. The camera work was pretty good. It sophisticated
in camera motion that get you in that claustrophobia feel. Still, I can
do without the shaking cam. The CGI special effects are mediocre, at
best. One thing, I did love is the floating cellphones text showing on
the screen, whenever a character use a phone. I love how they even add
broken cellphone text to show damage, and struggle. There are few
elements that remind me of other flight disaster movies such as 1970's
Airport series, 1990's Turbulence series or 1957's Zero Hour. Overall:
I have taken everything you need to know about the movie coming in,
without spoiling too much of it. In my opinion, it's worth watching. So
go fly ahead and go see it.
