Adds a lot of spark to the zombie genre.

This lively South Korean zombie flick arrives in Oz with a limited
release, which is a pity as it's a riotous adventure filled to the brim
with action, gore and damn interesting story beats. Like all good films
within this subgenre, the narrative is rife with metaphors about modern
day issues (parent-child connections, corporate greed, human
interaction, etc) but it also provides a compelling survival plot when
taken at face value. The core relationship between Yoo Gong's
self-centred businessman and his quiet, emotionally-neglected
9-year-old daughter (Soo-an Kim  a tour de force) is riveting as it
gets put through the wringer, never feeling anything less than
authentic. There are spurts of melodrama, however, that induce the odd
unintentional chuckle, whilst a select few from the supporting cast
play up their stereotypes  love-struck school girl, despicable
scaremonger, muttering homeless man  a little too much. Sang-ho Yeon
directs with unabashed gusto, pumping up tension and thrills though a
string of adrenaline-pumping set pieces, an amazing train-station
sequence that turns from hopeful to deadly being a particular high
point. The undead are suitably grotesque and enjoyably expendable,
their physical movements a mix between the 28 Days Later mode of rapid
flesh-eaters and the herky-jerky twitches of J-horror ghosts, although
the rules for how quickly someone becomes "infected" seems to vary
depending on plot requirement. It doesn't necessarily bring anything
new to the zombie genre, but with a bunch of exhilarating set pieces
and a willingness to kill off anyone at anytime, Train to Busan
certainly adds a whole lot of spark.
