Terrible in every way!

First off the leads are just terrible. Worst picks possible. Plain as
day and THE worst actors. No wonder wring leads were chosen. Look at
the sorry excuse for "producers" chosen, the author became an
egotistical sellout and director and screenwriter don't know what they
are doing. Luke Grimes as Elliott & Rita Ora as Mia were also horribly
miscast. The two "leads" acting are so atrocious it turned this into a
comedy. They have no sex appeal and zero chemistry. It's like seeing
two dry pieces of wood put together and forced to be romantic. Dornan's
acting and delivery of lines is so horrid it makes me cringe. Dakota's
attempts at trying to be sexy and vulnerable fall way flat. This needed
to be put into better hands. People who could have taken a poorly
written book and actually made something better out if it. Even though
book is just corny erotic Twilight fan fiction, i mean, the "author"
did not even bother to hide it. Each character is a clear and direct
rip off if every Twilight character. Terrible in every way. The
soundtrack is only good thing about this and you don't even have to
like books or crap film to love it. I recommend buy the soundtrack and
don't waste your money on this waste of film. The only ones who will
watch and only ones who will give thumbs down are psycho cult fans.
Ones who still live in parent's basements. And would not know good
literature or a good love story if it were in their face. Books are
crap and world don't need sequels. One turd is enough.
