Should be held up as an example of how dedicatedly good actors can almost redeem a pointless, badly written film.

Pointless entry into the Bourne series finds Jeremy Renner and Rachel
Weisz taking over where Matt Damon left off in a sequel that lacks not
only a real purpose to exist but lacks a script that can justify the
movie as a continuation of the series. Tony Gilroy (who had a hand in
screen writing the original three films) writes and directs this entry
but forgets the showmanship and grace that Paul Greengrass and Doug
Liman brought to the series, not to mention the solid storytelling that
came with their efforts. Jeremy Renner and Rachel Weisz tried their
best with the weak material Gilroy provides for them and they almost
succeed, giving the audience something to care for but they are
fighting an uphill battle against clich√© one dimensional characters,
dismal screen writing, a running time that needed to be edited down and
amateurish direction that does no one any favors. The rest of the cast
barely registers at all and the action is not even on the same level of
the other films in the series.If any blame should go around, it should go squarely to Tony Gilroy and
his brothers, who seem like they had no idea on what the hell they were
doing and in the process, wasted the time of two great actors (Renner
and Weisz) who are working beyond what is necessary to give the fans
the respect they deserve for staying with the series. This was a hard
thing to do considering that they are working with nothing in terms of
support.
