Awful Camera, Edition and Direction and Senseless Plot

In Los Angeles, Lenore St. John (Famke Janssen) is murdered with sliced
throat in the apartment of her ex-husband Bryan Mills (Liam Neeson) and
he is accused by the police of murdering her. Detective Franck Dotzler
(Forest Whitaker) pursues Bryan while he investigate who might be the
killer and protects his daughter Kim (Maggie Grace). Bryan discovers
that the Russian gangster Oleg Malankov (Sam Spruell) is the
responsible of Lenore's death and together with his team of friends and
Lenore's husband Stuart St. John (Dougray Scott), he hunts him down.
But why Lenore was killed?"Taken 3" is a movie with awful camera, edition and direction and
senseless plot. The edition is annoying with several cuts, but the plot
is ridiculous. When Bryan is arrested at the gas station, no police
officer is interested to see the surveillance camera footage. Why
should he drug his daughter instead of putting a note in the yogurt
scheduling a meeting with her in the toilet? How did he escape from the
explosion in the elevator? Oleg's building is surrounded by security
system, but a van parks in the parking area and no guard comes to
check. Stuart spends lots of time in the van and it is not strange for
the security guards. Why Stuart need to flee abducting Kim? Did Bryan's
friend die in the van? Bryan causes several accidents on the highway
certainly with injured people; destroys a parking building and cars;
destroys an airplane; but in the end everything is OK. My vote is four.Title (Brazil): "Perseguição Implacável 3" ("Implacable Search 3")
