A contradictory American fable that cannot fully define it's titular 'Founder'

'The Founder' tries it's hardest to be subversive. It really wants to
be bold in dissecting Americana and McDonald's. The problem is that
McDonald's has seeped so far into the American consciousness that 'The
Founder' seeps into fear because it cannot take that extra step. 'The
Founder' doesn't know if it wants to demonize Kroc or celebrate him and
it is the film's achilles heal. Kroc as written is kind of all over the
place. The truth is the one thing Kroc was exceptional at was being a
predatory capitalist. The movie understands this to some degree and
these are the best moments of the film. 'The Founder' acknowledges
Kroc's faults but it really badly wants to still celebrate the whole
myth of a failing milk shake machine salesman pulling himself up by his
bootstraps and making good. You can't have your cake and eat it too
here.'The Founder' is saved by it's performances. Michael Keaton is
exceptional and tries his hardest with this uneven script. In essence
he is playing two characters, Kroc the dreamer who says the Golden
Arches will be a staple in every town's sky across the country. Keaton
does good here and for a while brings out the charm in such a
character. The problem is such material is uninteresting because it's
become as clich√© and mundane as a Big Mac. The more interesting piece
of the performance is Keaton as the sleazy manipulative Kroc. It's a
part that perfectly fits his sense of humor and irony. The best moment
of the film comes across when Kroc explains that he wanted the
atmosphere of McDonalds more so than the actual hamburger preparation
process. He delivers the material in such a way that we see that this
character has been two- faced literally the entire film. It's a
brilliant scene and it makes me wish the entire movie had been from
this vantage point but it can't because we need to see Kroc deliver
schmaltzy Capra corn speeches before he twists the knife in the
McDonald brothers.Nick Offerman and John Carroll Lynch are brilliant but they too don't
have much to work with until the final act. When we meet the McDonald
brothers they are doughy bright eyed business men. They essentially
become puppies we get to see kicked over and over again. That being
said I like the evolution of the characters. The movie it's self would
have been more interesting if it were told from their point of view
instead of Kroc's. Their story is more interesting and more relevant to
the McDonald's myth. You expect an aw shucks attitude when the
McDonald's business slips through their hands but the characters
develop a cynicism. It's sad when they realize that their
entrepreneurial spirit won't be enough to save them. Offerman and Lynch
both have a warmth but when they turn angry and depressed it gets to
you. 'The Founder' is a mixed bag. Like 'Saving Mr. Banks' and it's Disney
exploration I think American pop culture doesn't have the courage to
fully condemn McDonald's. A half condemnation like this isn't effective
for the story being told. The Keaton fan will enjoy some moments of
fine acting. The sad fact is that this really is just a rags to riches
bio pic with unfulfilled promises of dissecting deeper material. I
suppose you should just be glad the film didn't go to the other extreme
and canonize Kroc.
