Clearly an actors' movie and can be appreciated even if you don't care about history

What madness is this? I just arrived from cinema and although the
summer season has begun they showed me a movie which is not:  some
random French or Russian comedy,  a sequel,  a prequel or at least
origin story  an animation,  based on YA novel or comic book  based
on a novel or non-fiction book or some older movie  there's not even
any superheroes or mutants in it, ferchrissake! Set during the last
days of the Ottoman Empire and their attempt to wipe out as many
Armenian people as they can, at its heart there is a love story  two
guys (Oscar Isaac, Christian Bale) want the same girl (Charlotte Le
Bon). The Turkish government would never allow a movie like this to be
filmed on their home territory  it's said that the Turks have never
acknowledged the genocide or their role in it. So it was all filmed in
Spain, Malta, Portugal and USA. It has a big budget of 90 million USD
and that money is well spent. The movie as a whole looks old- fashioned
in a good way: majestic and poetic, also a bit nostalgic for the past
simpler times". The story is also old-fashioned in a good way, which
is to say the approach is populist  clearly black and white, we always
know who the good and the bad guys are and nobody's choices are never
questioned in broader context. But this kind of approach is not a
problem when we have three leading thespians so able as Isaac, Bale and
Le Bon. They put every nuance of the material to efficient use. "The
Promise" is clearly an actors' movie and that's how it can be
appreciated even if you personally do not care about that part of
history. Some of the scenes with strongest dramatical impact are done
even shortly and without any words, just a quick look, pause, and they
move on. The Project" never dwells long on anything happening on
screen, there's so much story to give and absorb in the 132 minutes it
has. And yet thanks to competent direction and superb actors, it never
feels rushed, there's always enough room for important things and
people in the context of the story. I especially like the action scenes
which are actually pretty small in scope, compared to most war dramas
produced today, but it never feel that way. The suspense and danger
surrounding the main characters is always real. I am not trying to step
on anyone's feelings and underplay the seriousness of the genocide, but
it can be said that the century-old suffering of Armenians is not the
most well-known of historical tragedies, especially to the general
English-speaking audience the movie is produced for. So having a big
budget that enormous seems kind of risky. Luckily for the people
involved, the project was fully financed by billionaire Kirk Kerkorian
of Armenian extraction whose family had lived through the events
depicted in the movie, and all the proceeds will go to nonprofits (ie,
charity). A fun IMDb fact to end with. The Promise" premiered at the
Toronto International Film Festival last September, but before the
audience even left the theater, reviewers suspected to be Turkish
government- sponsored trolls had submitted ca 4,000 negative ratings.
That number quickly multiplied before the movie was released. Maybe
that's why the IMDb score is pretty low, 5.9/10. All in all, it's a
competent and confident movie from all involved. Even the main man
behind the screen, the co-writer and director Terry George is not
randomly chosen. His earlier magnum opus is acclaimed and
Oscar-nominated Hotel Rwanda" (2004) about mass murder of Tutsi people
in 1990's Africa. So it's like his second shot at the epic making glory
in Hollywood. Here's hope the movie doesn't disappear unnoticed
although not having superheroes or even mutants is clearly a misstep!
