Intelligent  Science Fiction Thriller

Looper is a film that goes to extraordinary lengths to leave every base
covered in its quest to avoid plot holes and inconsistencies and in my
mind it deals with the problems associated with time travel very well.
One thing I liked is that the older Joe is aware of everything the
younger Joe is about to do which gives him an edge if they were to do
battle. I also liked that the older Joe in true Bruce Willis style
bypasses the whole idea of trying to work out how and why what is
happening is happening by saying he can't be bothered to work it all
out. As well as the older Joe having the advantage of memory over the
younger Joe, the younger Joe in turn has his own advantages which
become apparent. There were several times when I thought I'd worked out
what was going to happen or what a particular character's arc was going
to be but the film cleverly manipulates its audience, leading them down
alleyways only to jump out at them from behind and spin them around.
There is a nice early twist which gave me a smile and plenty more to
keep you guessing right the way to the end. In the end it turns out
that time travel plays second fiddle to another phenomenon which I was
pleased by as there was no mention of this in the trailer which I've
been trying to avoid for several weeks. The plot is multifaceted with
each character having their own reasons for being where they are, when
they are and doing what they are doing. It is a dense plot which
explores several different ideas and concepts both personal and
scientific.As well as confidently dealing with a complex script which would have
been very easy to either make too complicated or too full of holes,
Writer/Director Rian Johnson (Brick) also creates a very believable
future and fills it with people and events which feel plausible. Cities
have continued to expand upwards and outwards but they themselves are
filled with tent cities in which a large vagrant class live. Life is
cheap and hard in this world in which the have's and have not's are
much more separated than today. There is enough in the film to make to
world feel as though it is our near future and the technology on
display feels as though it is a few logical steps along the road. I
especially liked the ingenious solution to running cars after the
inevitable the oil crisis and there's also a great line about China in
there which had a lot of people laughing.The writing and direction are superb but another strength are the
acting performances. Joseph Gordon-Levitt wears heavy makeup and
prosthetics to make him look more like Bruce Willis and although this
is occasionally a little distracting, it looks unnervingly good at
times, especially closer up which is odd. The effect is actually better
in close up than when JG-L is in the middle distance. Underneath the
prosthetics though Gordon-Levitt delivers a fine performance, adopting
a few of Willis' telltale mannerisms and affectations but avoiding pure
mimicry. He appears confident and at ease in the dense lead role,
carrying off a mixture of hard edged killer and caring young man while
switching from one to the other with ease. Bruce Willis equally is very
good but we have seen this kind of performance from him many times
before. Nevertheless he is on good form here. The chemistry between the
two leads was great and really helped with the believability of them
being one person. Emily Blunt was another actor who performed very well
and in a departure from her more familiar roles. She adopts a
convincing American accent, drops a few F-Bombs and looks comfortable
holding a gun. She brings to the fore the feminine caring side when it
matters though. Probably the standout actor though despite the three A
Listers is Pierce Gagnon, a very young child actor who is incredible in
a pivotal role. He and Gordon-Levitt have some funny and tense scenes
together which work very well.Overall there was little I didn't like about Looper and it has gone
straight into my Top 10 films of the year so far as well as being
probably my favourite Sci-Fi since 2009's Moon. It treats its audience
with respect and isn't afraid to keep you them of the loop for a while
as it teases them with false and sometimes seemingly false information.
It is well designed and acted and features a wonderfully multifaceted
and intelligent story which rewards patience and concentration with a
fantastic ending.www.attheback.blogspot.com
