It gets worse

Lars is one of those directors that is emphasis the freedom of speech
and tries to be controversial. However sometimes, there is a limit to
that. And I am not one of the viewers that nitpick or makes a big deal
out of this in movies. But this one really pushes the limit with it's
messages about how pedophiles deserve a medal for not giving into the
desires with action. Seriously what the crap man? I feel the second
part was just not really necessary and really could have combined it
into a 3 or so hour movie. This is the spiraling downward story of Joe
and it really drags a lot. I am not sure if the main goal for Lars was
to bore and make the audiences depressed a great deal through this
volume, but if so it does the trick. The dialogue this time around is
also really boring and lost it's somewhat interesting flare that the
first volume has. The message seems to be that there is no hope, people
are all selfish hypocrites even the ones trying to do the right things,
there is not point in caring for others because people are crap. And
that is what this movie seems to come down to. I am cool with people
being entitled to their own opinions although I may disagree. But this
Vol is all about shock factor, but it just got boring and annoying
really quickly and just wanted it all to end. Even if it has a crappy
ending. Now when it comes to the ending of this movie, some critics
seem to feel that it's a betrayal and a middle finger to the audiences.
I actually re-watched certain scenes to see if there is any symbol or
messages that I might have missed that leads to the ending. And not
really, the ending really is a cop out. It's like Lars was inspired by
movies like "Irreversible" or "Man Bites Dog" and was like Lars was
thinking "I can't let this movie have a somewhat happy ending, it needs
to end with a tragedy. Even if that tragedy is just smacked on there
because I am all about melancholia". Maybe he just wanted to shock the
audiences one last time, like you know it's coming but giving hope to
the audiences and then crushing it. Some say Seligman was trying to
sacrifice himself others say it's to show the unavoidable power of
sexual desire and hypocrisy as the human condition. Knowing a bit about
Lars, it would have to be the latter.3/10
