Almost brilliant.

This movie deserves a decent review just because of the cinematography.
It truly felt as if you were seeing from his eyes. I'm not quite sure
how they did it, but it looked amazing seeing Franks reflection in
mirrors with no camera to be seen, especially when the shot pans away
to something else. As for the narrative, my title says it all. I'm not
quite sure what the film was missing. The POV perspective was
interesting. It makes you feel as if you're trapped in the character's
body, as he seems to be trapped in it in a weird way. It feels like he
doesn't want to be doing the things he does, and the first person
perspective really enhances that. I felt that parts of the movie were
amazing. My problem was that during parts of the murder scenes, the
film lost it's intelligence, and just felt like another slasher movie.
The main character is clearly a deeply disturbed man, and the
psychological angle to the film was excellent. But the murder scenes
felt like they just added in random crap to make it creepier. And at
parts it focused to much on gore. Overall, I'd say this was a good
movie. It did a few things wrong, and there's just something about it
that I can't really put my finger on as to what was wrong with it. If
there had been a few changes, I think this movie could have been an
easy 10/10. But lastly, Elijah Wood can really do a creepy character
well.
