Under The Shadow Of Disney

It's only fitting that in the shadow of the corporate mouse...a society
of people who live on the fringe would exist. In Florida (specifically
Orlando) the desperate existence thrives on people who go off the
beaten path...and actually get lost. That is where Halley (newcomer
Bria Vinaite) and her daughter Moonee (played by another newcomer
Brooklynn Prince) exist. Halley...seems to be a club kid who got
knocked up by a man who shortly abandoned her. In some tribal/white
trash code of religion, it seems she thought having a child would make
her grow up. Not quite. Because the princesses' castle is within reach,
it's still a world away. And that is heartbreaking. Imagine being a
person unable to grow up (like what Disney promotes). Those dreams
withered and died, but the worst residual effects remained. Which is
the Magic Castle. A hovel of a (what one unsuspecting tourist calls a
"gypsy project") dump managed by Bobby, played wonderfully sympathetic
character Willem Dafoe. Bobby patiently overlooks the ship of fools and
sometimes, babysits, though by default. Most who live there have feral
children who explore the grounds and beyond out of boredom. The
residents here are...they are who you think should live there. Look,
this film is about character. There is zero plot, so don't go looking
for a story. The reality of the people who live here are brutal.
Like...on edge scary where you're not entirely sure you want anyone to
exist here. But they do. Moonee is a lovely little girl caught up in an
adult world she doesn't fully comprehend, but is forced to deal with.
Halley is obviously a broken toy herself. And in a very quiet effective
scene, we see glimpses of Halley coming to terms with what the world
requires of her as parent ("pepperoni costs money").This is art at it's highest degree. A well paced, sometimes hilarious
glimpses of life at the fray. I really hope Willem DaFoe gets nominated
for an Oscar. There is a moment in the film where he becomes the knight
in shining armor, unbeknownst to the complaining tenants of the
complex. Essentially protecting their children from the monsters that
are within grasp. And no one thanks him for it. His character Bobby
just wants to make it to the end of the day like everyone else. But he
is also...us watching and wanting to hug these people hard.
