An insightful look at West Texas.

Wonderful film. The locale and time frame of this modern crime
film/western is similar to "No Country for Old Men", but, despite the
fact that I admire the work of the Coen Brothers and Cormac McCarthy, I
think it is a much better movie. It is less contrived and Jeff Bridges
is allowed to remain true to his character. Although actually filmed in
nearby Eastern New Mexico it presents a moving portrait of the
realities of West Texas. The poor white working class, which never
heard of "white privilege", the predatory lending practices of local
banks, the resentment of the descendants of the Comanches "lords of the
plains",and the ethos of the Texas Rangers. At the same time it manages
to spin an excellent action adventure yarn without drowning the movie
in car chases and gunfights. Jeff Bridges is excellent as the old Texas
Ranger, as is his partner a half Mexican half Comanche played by
Alberto Parker. Chris Power and Ben Foster are terrific as the two
brothers one desperate, the other crazy who come up with a pretty smart
but very risky plot to right an old wrong. Two cameos by a couple of
tough waitresses are wonderful. The script is understated, witty, and
deals with a panoply of social issues without being wordy or preachy.
The direction is crisp and focused. The cinematography make great use
of the spare dry Southwestern landscape. I believe you will enjoy this
exciting and moving film.
