The Beast, the Manifestion

I think Split is one of the best Psychological thriller movies in the
past few years. I'm not sure if it has comparisons with other thrillers
but would rather say that the idea is indeed very interesting. Look at
Mrs. Fletcher who tries to convince the audience at the conference that
the human mind has evolved to a different stage. Shyamalan pushes this
concept even further saying that if there are a set of personalities to
explore then the final outcome reachable would be something
supernatural which in this case is the Beast. The creation of the
personalities, if is a result of the childhood trauma then the idea of
a super powered being is something which contradicts the concept of the
capability of the human mind. Since the devil lives on after being hit
by two bullets( and in this case Shyamalan is not trying to show that
there are only two bullets for Casey but the magnitude of destruction
that can be caused by the bullets) there is direct reference to
something beyond being human. Even if this is one of the finest
interpretations out there for Splitm the Director fails to explain
indirectly why there is a difference in approach the 23 personalities
have towards humans and the approach of the Beast.Are the personalities
functionalities for the beast? The use of the spray versus the kill?.
Why does the devil need Humans? Is it some kind of vengeance that would
actually improve lives of people like Kevin or the beast? I say this
because Dennis and Patricia are trying to protect Kevin. Kevin seems to
have gone through a childhood trauma so whatever is trying to protect
him is not doing so against the devil. All this holds true if the 23
personalities manifest to the beast or like how I said reaches out and
becomes the beast. What is the beast trying to accomplish? Will the
next sequel 'the Glass' have answers to this? If it had to leave out
people like Casey who had been tortured at a young age there is
definitely something the beast is trying to prove by killing the
impure. Why does it kill Mrs. Fletcher? Is the devil a manifestation of
only that kind of emotion related to child abuse? Is that some kind of
ideal the beast is trying to put forth? If Barry, Dennis and the others
are the outcome of the child abuse and the beast is its final form ,is
killing a cure to the angst and anger within Kevin? These are questions
that need to be explained! One thing is sure that not all the
personalities are aware of the beast. Do the killings by the beast and
the protection of Kevin have any kind of relation? In the end I feel
the beast lives on the mind of people like Kevin (not all the
personalities ) who strangely/accidentally accept the devil with a
different set of ideas(Dennis and Patricia take control of Kevin's
life-"we are in control") which in turn helps the beast to live and
spread itself farther. Thank you
