- Spoilers - Attempting to explain Cloud Atlas.

Before I start  this review is more of a study and thus is, by nature,
full of spoilers. I'm worried that people might not appreciate the
interconnectedness and message of the film and brush it off. I actually
thought I was going to hate it going in, wasn't sure after almost two
hours, then I realized I was in love. So I would suggest, if you plan
to read on, see the movie first. One critic, Joe Morgenstern, from the
Wall Street Journal spouts "This would-be epic is beautifully
photographed, elegantly crafted and adventurously cast. Unfortunately,
though, it plays like a gargantuan trailer for a movie still to be
made." Morgenstern obviously did not understand the movie. How can he
call something elegantly crafted and then claim it has poor structure
"gargantuan trailer" in the same breath. Okay whatever, I don't need to
diss critics  Cloud Atlas does that in one of the earliest scenes when
an outlandish Tom Hanks, playing an lowlife writer who's just published
an autobiographical work tosses a critic off of a building. I will say
this though. Cloud Atlas is epic. It's more than epic. It's length and
pacing are deliberate  you are supposed to be tired when watching it 
this is a story that spans generations  if it was an hour and half it
would not resonate. The beauty of the filmmaking is that these guys
guys and gals get it. Zack Snyder  a talented artist  tried something
similar with Sucker Punch, but ultimately failed big time. He focused
too much on the visual crap. I loved the story of the girls in the home
 but the action stuff was hokey, repetitive and trite. He thought we
would eat it up, but the audience has seen it before. Then there's
Cloud Atlas, we follow several story-lines ranging from comedy to drama
to three days of the condor'esque paranoia, but when it comes to the
action, effects, fantasy and hard sci-fi they do it lightly, sprinkling
the massive work with seconds here and there. Just enough to leave us
satisfied, but little enough to not overwhelm or undermine the
complexity of this literature. I'm paraphrasing an incredibly powerful
line from the end of the film here: "You can't make a change you'll
just be a single drop in an entire Ocean." "What is an Ocean but a
countless pool of drops?" This is the controlling idea for the movie:
Can one man make a difference? Cloud Atlas believes so. Follow this
single drop and watch how it ripples. Tom Hanks drops the critic off of
the roof to his death. The death leads his publisher on a hilarious
journey where he is wrongfully placed in a mental institution. The
journey leads him to write an autobiographical novel in kind, but as he
is a talented writer (obviously one who has been neglecting his talent)
writes a good book. The book is turned into a movie where in the future
a small clip of the movie incites a revolution which makes a person
into a pseudo-Deity. This one bizzar drop  or act led a ripple which
caused a revolution hundreds of years in the future. In other words, an
single persons actions can have god-like effect. Then comes the theme
of art or creating. Hank's character was writer. Cloud Atlas was a
musical work. Letters between lovers. A Dairy and a video made by a
rebel. A made-for-TV type movie based on a book. Each one of these
creations of art pass through time connecting people and inspiring them
to create ripples: In other words by creating even, the most
insignificant works, people might find inspiration. Hell, I felt like
writing this review just from seeing the movie. Maybe my review will
lead somebody else to write a song, which will in turn ripples. The
concept of re-incarnation. Each actor plays myriad parts over a vast
amount of time and space. The argument of good vs. evil is explored
here. The Hugo Weaving character is almost always evil in the physical
sense  Hugh grant in the sense of conspiracy (Basically if your name
starts with Hu  you are a bad guy). Keith David is a rebel. Halle
Barry represents curiosity or investigation. These characters are
archetypical and live within each of us  the most interesting is Tom
Hanks who plays both good and bad characters. In his futuristic
storyline  he has a personal devil (Weaving) that tells him to do bad
things  but he does not! This is because inside us all we are capable
of good or bad, it's the decisions we make that define us. In his
future story-line he chooses to be good. Ironically V for Vandetta 
also written by the Wachowsky brothers has this similar theme of
standing up to the man. An incredibly simple scene sums up the entire
film. In the comedic story-line, near the end, the old escapees are in
a bar having a beer when the cross dressing Weaving (who made it big as
a cross dresser in Pricilla Queen of the Desert) arrives to take them
back to the oppressive old age home. The little old man, who barely
speaks a word (the little voice) stands up and incites a riot. Just as
Halle Barry reveals a report that ends a conspiracy or Doona Bae's
viral video that incites an uprising that saves the lives of millions.
The message here is a little voice can incite a thousand little voices.
One singe drop. One single ripple. One perfect movie. If the message of
Cloud Atlas is true then I hope that the creation of this film will
inspire a million voices to make a million ripples. I for one am
inspired. I will add to this review as I let the ripples spread in my
mind. For now that's all I got.
