A Refreshing Film Based On Noah's Ark

Noah is a Biblical-inspired film based on the story of Noah's Ark.It
stars Russell Crowe as Noah along with Jennifer Connelly, Ray Winstone,
Emma Watson and Anthony Hopkins.It was written and directed by Darren
Aronofsky.The story about a righteous man that he is singled out by God to save
innocent life so the evil and corrupt can perish in a disastrous flood
that will cover the earth.Encouraged by his grandfather Methuselah,Noah
begins building an ark that will contain two of every beast and plant,
as well as his family.His wife Naameh supports her husband and so does
his two sons,Shem and Japheth.But his other son Ham isn't so sure due
to the fact that he lacks a spouse similar unlike Shem,who has Ila. As
birds, reptiles, and then mammals enter the ark, humans gather nearby,
anxious for their own boarding passes. But they were tried to be
stopped by an evil king Tubal-cain and his people,whose wickedness God
intends stop.But once the waters rise, Noah faces new challenges.Among
them is that he finds out that Ila is is pregnant and no longer barren
and whether Noah wants to end humanity or not when they enter the new
world.There was definitely a lot of creative license taken in re-telling the
story of Noah that some Christian may find confusing or
absurd.Nevertheless,the recreation of the Old Testament story is
definitely an epic.Some may find the changes in the story outlandish
but others may find it a great way of updating this timeless tale into
the 21st century audience.We get to see how the story of Noah is told
on a human scale and deeply explore the personalities involved in the
story.Give credit to the cast for their great acting particularly
Russell Crowe,who does a magnificent job as Noah; together with his
co-stars like Jennifer Connelly,who plays his troubled wife,Naameh and
Emma Watson,who plays the complex Ila.There was great visuals in the
movie especially from narration of Creation and the Great Flood
itself.It was definitely a great visual extravaganza.It also presents
challenges especially to some audience especially what they want to do
if they find themselves in place of Noah's shoes as to whether to end
humanity or not.The tension in their family particularly between Noah
and his sons as well as Noah and his wife,Naameh about what the Creator
wanted him to do emphasizes that.Atheists may fully appreciate this
film especially when the theory of evolution is somewhat put in place
when the story of Creation was being narrated and God is somewhat not a
main character in the movie.But for Christians who want more about the
moral,philosophical and theological implications of the story of Noah
based on their religious beliefs,one may find it
disappointing.Nevertheless,I would consider this film entertaining and
fun to watch with an open mind and isn't looking to refresh Noah's
story based from what is written in the Bible.
