Autistic Reviewers Opinion Of This Movie.

"A suburban couple becomes embroiled in an international espionage plot
when they discover that their seemingly perfect new neighbors are
government spies. " The comedy of "Keeping Up with the Joneses" comes
from exaggeration. Mottola and screenwriter Michael LeSieur play up a
suburban oasis for Jeff and Karen, with the pair living an idyllic life
in a beautiful home. She's an interior designer, he's a practiced
corporate negotiator, and while their marriage is stable, it's become
flavorless. You've seen these characters before, and the production
does little to disturb expectations, highlighting sexual dysfunction in
the household, with newfound summertime freedom inspiring thoughts of
savage coupling, only to have the pair maintain distance out of habit.
There's no twist, no larger message of love. Jeff and Karen are set up
as cheerful nothings easily overwhelmed by the arrival of Tim and
Natalie, who stun their neighbors with flawless style, beauty, and
sophistication. They're incredible, bewitching the community with tales
of international travel and the display of impressive dart-throwing
skills.Gal Gadot is always good at playing at the sexy lady and Jon Hamm was
good at playing his manipulating and sly character. There's hardly any
jokes that work in the movie, and if it wasn't for Isla Fisher and Zach
Galifianakis's improvisational Comedy it would've flopped big time! The
movie had one of the biggest disappointing showdowns we've ever seen.
All in all, it's not a disastrous movie, but your best bet is to rent
it on Netflix. 5/10. 2/5 stars.
