Classic case of style over substance.

Gangster Squad is entertaining as hell. It's also a total mess.
Seriously, it's like watching a live-action cartoon with an A-list cast
trying so hard to make this dialogue credible, but there's nothing they
can do. It's a cartoon. Over the top, hammy dialogue, crazy shootouts
with no consequence. If you don't shut your brain off within the first
20 minutes of this movie then you're doing something wrong. It's a
shame because the plot is based off of the real life gangster Mickey
Cohen who was the ruler of LA for a time, and the source material has
endless potential. But the faster you can accept that that's not the
kind of movie this is, the quicker you can appreciate it for its camp
value. Some things that stand out are Sean Penn's ridiculously over the top
performance. Not that you can fault him for it. The part is written as
a stereotypical gangster with temper issues and the script throws him
these cheesy one-liners that wouldn't sound authentic coming from
anyone's mouth. But to his credit, he's fun to watch. As is Brolin who
plays the leader of the squad, and probably the most "human" character
of them all. And there's Ryan Gosling is doing a really weird but oddly
fitting voice for this time period with his natural charismatic charm.
The supporting cast is good as well but they practically nothing to do.
There's no pathos anywhere - it's all overblown bombast, and if you're
okay with that, then I think you'll get a kick out of Gangster Squad.If you're expecting LA Confidential 2, stay the hell away.
