This Film has Oscars written all over it

I had not read anything about this film and I went to see 'Lion'
yesterday. I was moved, I was shocked. I had tears in my eyes and the
hair on my skin stood up. I could listen to my own heart beats while
watching this film. It has never happened to me before when I saw a
film and I was touched immensely. The film took me back to my roots and
streets where I grew up. I am from Pakistan and I have been living in
San Francisco for the last 15 years. I come from that part of the world
where this story takes place. I grew up in streets like the streets of
the movie 'Lion'. I have met many children who collect garbage to make
a living and are lost in the streets of this universe. They sleep alone
on card board boxes at night and when you look at them , there is a
question in their eyes. The world has forgotten about these children
and there are thousands of these children on the streets of India and
Pakistan. Do you really know what it feels like when you are only 5
years old and lost in some crowded street in a big city and do not know
how to get home? To the boy who played Saroo (Sunny Pawar), I want to
give you an Academy Award. The film grabs you from the beginning as it
starts out with showing a beautiful relationship between two brothers
who are running on a train track. The actress who played mother
(Priyanka Bose)touched my heart. Her performance is breathtaking. The
way she looks at her sons, shows you how a mother pours her heart with
love when she looks at her children. There are no words to express that
feeling and actress gave her full self and emotions to play this role
from young to old. It is commendable and her acting moved me and
reminded me of my own mother. There are so many things which I think my
mother does not know about me but the way she looks at me, I know she
knows. Lost Saroo looks around for Guddu at the dark train station and then
looks for Guddu everywhere, in his thoughts for the rest of his life.
What a beautiful role of Guddu played by Abhishek Bharate and what a
promising actor! There were some real gripping performances in this
film by actors which had only small roles in the film but they left
their mark and touched me. I want to give a big hug to Garth Davis for
choosing these powerful actors and giving them a chance to express
their emotions. I must mention Tannishtha Chattergee, who knew her
character and made a mark with just two scenes. Now that's called
Actor.I have always seen Nicole Kidman in great grandeur roles. But I was
shocked to see her in 'Lion'. A small role with few scenes. She gave
herself all. Her performance in Lion is heartfelt. The cinematographer
was able to capture her emotions and her heart on the big screen. David
Wenham, plays the part of father to Saroo with amazing acting skills
and warmth. Dev Patel, you did a good job.I want to give a big salute
to all the filmmakers and actors who were involved in making this film.
You have done an exceptional job and gave me something which will be in
my mind and heart for a very long time. If any actors or filmmakers
want to reach out to me please email at hassanzee-at-gm-ail
