It made me miss Rosemary Woodhouse

Darren Aronfsky is a director I follow, even since Pi. He's daring and
unpredictable. I loved Requiem For A Dream and Black Swan, the rest of
his opus has left me puzzled or downright annoyed. Mother! belongs to
the later. All the element's were there - Rosemary's Baby written by
Edward Albee - that's what I thought right up to Michelle Pfeiffer's
entrance, then something happened - The movie falls through a totally
unbelievable, hysterical downward spiral. What? Yes, exactly. Jennifer
Lawrence suffers, puffs and moans from the very first frame, well
second frame. She's afraid from the word go. She could run away but for
some reason she never ventures out of the house. Questions like that
become a massive obstacle for us to care and feel connected - Think of
Mia Farrow in Rosemary's Baby or Colin Firth in Apartment Zero -
co-habitating with a devil, surrounded by sinister neighbors or
unwanted visitors. Those films also had sensational scripts and the
narrative even when symbolic was always solidly based on the story at
hand - Here it feels like gimmicks - One idea and then round and round
the mulberry bush. I don't know how many times she shouts at her
husband "Please make them leave" - Jennifer Lawrence goes through it
valiantly and vociferously. Javier Bardem as the egomaniacal husband is
absurdly unconvincing - and I'm a devoted a fan - Michelle Pfeiffer is
the one who brings something new to the proceedings and a truly
startling performance. Other than that, I'm sorry to say no to Mother!
