This Movie Will Make You Question Everything

After enduring this flick, there are likely a series of questions you
will be asking yourself. Among the many possibilities are these: #1:Why
did I do it? #2:Can I get my $$ back? #3:Have I just wasted precious
hours of my life I will never get back? #4:Is there anything worse than
a 12 year old kid with a lisp repeatedly rap singing into a shaky
camera held by his older sister who uses language reserved for grad
school Art History pseudo intellectual students who smoke cigarettes &
discuss cinematic themes pretending to be smart? #5:Is there a worse
Director than M Night Shamalammadingdong? #6:Is there any possibility
that there could be a movie in the last 5 years that I have seen that I
enjoyed less than this one? #7:Will I ever let my Wife select another
movie for us to go to? #8:If you are involved in some way in the
production of this movie, do you realize at that time during production
that you are infecting the universe? #9:Do they really make a
residential oven about 7 feet deep that you would crawl into after your
deranged Grandma who you have known for 3 days asks you to clean it?
#10: Just how often do you have to clean this type of oven? I could go
on & on & on, just like this movie went on & on lisp rapping & cringe
inducing without end. The only way M Night could have improved the
script here would have been for a meteor to destroy the earth in the
first 5 minutes & spare me the torture of this film.
