Disappointing and messy :(

I was really looking forward to this movie and only ended up with a
huge deception. The script is messy and there are way too many
characters that are too quickly introduced. Many of these "villains"
would require a whole movie to give intensity to their character... I
really feel like DC just wanted to have as big an audience as possible
without spending a penny on the script. Some good things are the
special effects , the movie is overall very beautiful to watch. Some
characters need a bravo for their wonderful roles: Harley Quinn
mostly... The others are kind of empty to me. And some are very very
bad like enchantress who mumbles in a foreign language all along and
whose only 3 lines in English SUCK (when she asks Flag to destroy
enchantress instead of saving her blabla). The Joker doesn't have a
place in the movie, his role does not add anything to it and half of
his lines are... awkward moans. El Diablo's behavior is predictable
from the very beginning, Batman really wasn't necessary, Katana's few
lines are desperately cheesy, etc... As a conclusion, the viewer is
unable to feel a link whatsoever to any of the characters since their
stories are disappointingly and quickly told. The acting of many
characters does not help, whether they were just bad or the director
asked them to play in that un-subtle fashion. The script is disjoint,
flashbacks don't add much quality or intensity to the movie, and the
"big plot" revealed at the end is... not much of a secret since the
viewer KNOWS enchantress escaped from the hands of Waller. I feel like
this is a big commercial move from DC to attract people... However,
this will only disgust the people who were fans of the heroes/villains
in the beginning. Money over quality
