Loved it

I was looking forward to this since the moment I saw the trailer and so
got myself out of bed for the 10:05 am showing on opening day. It
looked funny, like 'Shaun of the Dead,' and seemed to have its own
interesting take, which is rare in the zombie genre. Usually the plots
of zombie films are about as aimless as the zombies. The best way to
describe this film is a zombie romantic comedy. It does have some
action and some tense moments later on but the initial set up is the
zombie, R's, emotional growth and how meeting this girl sparks
something in him to evolve. This is nothing like 'Twilight,' and those
that are saying that have either not seen it or are too absorbed in the
fact that the two leads are good looking, which is the only commonality
this film has with 'Twilight.'But, let's face it, the majority of leads
in films are attractive, so, that's not much to base a similarity on.
'Shaun of the Dead' was just a comedy, where this is a comedy with
heart and depth. It's a satire, but they don't force feed the point of
the film, instead they make it very subtle, which is nice.It wasn't a laugh-out-loud comedy, but I don't know that I necessarily
thought it would be when I saw the trailer. It definitely had more
emotional depth than I thought it would which gave me a much fonder
attachment to the film than if it had simply been made for laughs. The
two leads had great chemistry and were believable and well cast. The
directing, writing, and pretty much everything in the film was well
done. I have no complaints. It delivered what it said it would and
exceeded my expectations which is rare these days in entertainment.
