Excellent found footage horror anthology

Some folks might be a little deterred from seeing V/H/S when they learn
it's a found footage movie. Well, rest assured, there's nothing to
worry about as this is an excellent example of the sub-genre. Perhaps
at the root of the film's success is its structural format. It's an
anthology movie, made up of a selection of short stories based around a
series of videotapes found by burglars at a scary house. While some of
the segments are better than others, where this one scores is that even
the weaker stories contain some very scary moments. Each and every one
delivers the goods in this respect and that's half the battle when it
comes to horror flicks. The different stories are basically disturbing
in the way that the best found footage flicks are, in that we are
literally put right into the shoes of these people and their terror
transmits more easily.I won't reveal many details of the contents but, amongst other things,
there is a vampire, malevolent ghosts, a supernatural serial killer, a
house invader and a weird ritual. There's a skillful combination of
visceral and suggested horror. From the former there are several scenes
of blood and guts including a beheading by knife and some
disembowellings. But it's the mysterious moments that create the
genuine tension, such as sinister figures seen briefly on camera,
strange sounds and general weird goings on. The combination with both
styles of horror is very successful. Overall, I have to say that this
is a rather fine example of a recent horror film. It's genuinely
unsettling quite often and the anthology format means that no idea
overstays its welcome. It's definitely worth catching this one.
