A big movie and a fun time!

Well, this was unexpected! Going into this film I found myself with no
hype at all. I expected a good, fun and cheesy movie time and I came
out of the theater happy and surprised. While this isn't a masterpiece
of filmmaking it does achieve what it sets out to do. To entertain you.
And it does this quite good and sometimes it goes further than this by
showing us some amazing set pieces and action sequences. For example
one car, tank chase sequence! This is achieved by the gigantic
production value of the film. You can literally smell the money that
comes out of these guys. The whole movie you have this sense of scale,
and I mean BIG scale! The amazing sound mixing and design including the
music pumps you up and puts you in the mood! While the acting isn't
Oscar worthy it is very fluid and it doesn't always feel forced. The
chemistry between the cast is very solid and credible. Diesel and "The
Rock" where pretty solid along with the secondary characters, and the
villain was surprisingly tolerable. Another thing that solidifies the
movie are the effects. These are outstanding along with the
camera-work! The things that brought the movie down for me a little bit
where some of the stunts, and weirdly some of these I found pretty
amazing but although I understand this movie isn't supposed to be taken
seriously there were some stunts that were just plain unbelievable,
specially in the third act of the movie. And finally, the plot. While
not groundbreaking it did have its interesting points but it doesn't
drift away from the cheese factors. Overall I was quite surprised by
what this movie did and how the director and producers exploited and
used their huge production value. This is an example of a good quality
action flick.
