Finally out somewhere in the world

Infamous for its long history of delays, re-ratings and re-namings,
"Amityville: The Awakening" has finally been released internationally,
and it's a little gem that still haven't got the final form it
deserved. Firstly the atmosphere and the look of this franchise
installment are a big treat. By no means this is a trashy production.
Cinematographer Steven Poster, famous for The "Donnie Darko", created
some soft silky photography akin to childlike innocence, which of
course dramatically contrasts the harsh events of the story. With its
dream-like atmosphere and surreal logic (partly probably a result of
the production leapfroging) new "Amityville" steps on the ground of
some morbid nightmares, disarms the viewer and easily brings in all the
spooks. Someone in the audience, while we all watched the movie, at
some point even screamed in terror: "I don't understand what's
happening!". It could be plainly because of the story-telling issues,
but this movie also has plenty of dark and bold psychological
twistedness pouring over the screen. New "Amityville" still has some
gore, even with the PG- 13 rating (R-rated goreness might make this
movie way too depressing), but the good ol' suspense is at the center
here with the haunted-house, haunted-youth themes. Bella Thorne is just
beautiful (period) and also perfect for the deer in the headlights
role, with a lovely Gothic teen angst style. Veteran actress Jennifer
Jason Leigh gives a creepy performance of an overly fixated mother
figure going through a faith and parental crisis. Leigh's as usually
great in being very sweet and somehow lovecraftian at the same time.
Her and Thorne's mother/daughter liaison is one of the best thrilling
elements of the story. I haven't seen any other "Amityville" films, so
it would be interesting for the fans of the original and the franchise
itself to see what this new installment brings in (prepare yourself for
a tongue-in-cheek acknowledgement of the "Amityville" universe, which I
found rather sweet). It has some cult-potential with all the R-rated
version and Director's cut and alternate endings hopefully coming ahead
(even the trailer shows a lot of scenes that didn't get in theatrical
cut). Yet, the production havoc is especially obvious in the abrupt
ending of the movie. You know something went wrong when in the end you
get a voice-over basically explaining the story you just saw. Probably,
french director Franck Khalfoun (good with artful gore, see "Maniac"
(2012)) was heading towards more ambiguity, but instead we get a rather
anticlimactic ending and Thorne's incomplete character. Still a nice
journey into the dark for all the fans of morbid spooks and especially
for teenagers, who are going to be shocked. A lot of jokes will be made
in terms of how "awakened" this movie really is. Actually "Amityville:
The Awakening" resides perfectly on edge of still seeing a surreal bad
dream with just a second away from opening your eyes into reality.
