The Sequel Surpasses the Original!!!

"Captain America: The Winter Soldier" gives super-hero sequels a good
name. Not only is this $170 million blockbuster far better than its
superb 'origins' predecessor, but it also is a real game-changer for
the Marvel Universe. Former "Fantastic Four" actor Chris Evans reprises
the title role as Steve Rogers, a 90-pound weakling turned 240-pound
heavyweight, whose exploits inspired millions in World War II. Remember
Rogers spent about 70 years in suspended animation in an iceberg after
he contributed to the defeat the Nazis as well as Hydra. Rogers
maintains his sense of honor, or naivety, throughout all his trials and
tribulations. Evans makes his old-fashioned, nice-guy antics appear
both convincing and charming. Meaning, Captain America remains
essentially a goody-two-shoes-bachelor-with-a-shield. Our hero takes a
licking but keeps on ticking despite whatever adversaries he tangles
with in the second, in-name-only theatrical "Captain America" feature.Co-directors Anthony and Joe Russo of "You, Me and Dupree" let the
action coast occasionally in this larger-than-life,
two-hour-and-sixteen minute melodrama, but the combat scenes are staged
with so much kinetic artistry that you will teeter on the edge of your
seat during them. Everything is still appropriately formulaic but
entirely outlandish in the gravity-defying Christopher Markus and
Stephen McFeely screenplay that puts our hero early and often behind
the eight ball. My favorite close-quarters combat encounter occurs in
the elevator with our hero cornered and outnumbered. Later scraps on
the three Helicarriers emerge as no less electrifying. Predictably,
everything is business as usual, but the Russo brothers and their
scribes provide enough twists and turns to keep you interested in this
noisy nonsense. Mind you, one or two things won't register as total
surprises because you know some characters cannot perish. Nevertheless,
if you enjoyed the first "Captain America" with Chris Evans, you will
probably love the second one as much if not more! In terms of a chronological timeline, "Captain America: The Winter
Soldier" takes place two years after the cataclysmic New York showdown,
but the action itself covers only three days. Steve Rogers/Captain
America (Chris Evans) hasn't totally acclimated himself to the 21st
century, but he refuses to let it interfere with his duty. While
jogging around Washington, D.C., the fleet-footed Rogers befriends
congenial Air Force flyboy Sam Wilson (Anthony Mackie of "Notorious")
who counsels veterans suffering from PTSD at the VA Hospital. No sooner
have they gotten acquainted than Natasha Romanoff/Black Widow (Scarlett
Johansson of "The Avengers") rolls up to whisk Rogers off onto his next
dangerous mission. Later, Sam Wilson joins Rogers in his capacity as
the winged hero Falcon. The first major action scene in "Captain
America: The Winter Soldier" is designed to show how extraordinary our
eponymous hero is under fire but also how vulnerable he remains.
Terrorists have stormed a S.H.I.E.L.D. surveillance ship, and they are
issuing outrageous demands for the release of the hostages. Actually,
this predicament reminded me of the first mission that Stallone and
company embarked on in the initial "Expendables" epic. Mind you,
Captain America and his trusty boomerang shield clear the perimeter so
Black Widow and Brock Rumlow (Frank Grillo of "End of Watch") can free
the hostages and settle with the terrorists. However, more than meets
the eye occurs during this seemingly simple mission, and Captain
America confronts his superior, S.H.I.E.L.D. Director Nicholas Fury
(Samuel L. Jackson of "Pulp Fiction"), about Black Widow's
cyber-exploit. No sooner have Rogers and Fury fussed at each other at
the sprawling new island headquarters of S.H.I.E.L.D. than Fury briefs
Rogers about the next best thing. Project Insight will link three
Helicarriers via spy satellites and to eradicate preemptively any
threats either domestic or otherwise. Naturally, Captain America
doesn't like Insight. If he is shocked that things have changed so much
that such a measure must be taken, he is even more shocked later when
Fury shows up at his apartment with blood on his hands and an assassin
lurking nearby. Of course, D.C. Police are nowhere to be found when
these imposters do everything except blast holes in either the engine
block or the tires of his fortified SUV during a tense auto chase
through D.C. streets. If this weren't enough for Captain America, he
must go toe-to-toe with a mysterious combatant with a "Six Million
Dollar Man" arm to save the day."Captain America: The Winter Soldier" makes several references to the
previous film that strengthens its bond with it. We get a glimpse of
the girl that Steve loved and we watch as Steve's best friend, Bucky
Barnes, contends with amnesia. The filmmakers not only bring us up to
date about Bucky, but also we learn more about renegade enemy scientist
Dr. Arnim Zola who collaborated with the Red Skull in the first
"Captain America." Furthermore, Zola opts to become a 'ghost-in-the
machine' like Johnny Depp in "Transcendence." The Russos and their
writers keep hurling obstacles into Captain America's path, and our
hero doesn't have an easy time conquering the villains. Anthony Mackie
gets to play the first African-American Marvel super hero, and he
attacks the role with relish. He wears a sophisticated set of
mechanical wings that enable him to fly and perform far-fetched feats.
Scarlett Johansson is just as tough and sexy as she was in "The
Avengers." Meanwhile, the best special effect in this special effects
extravaganza isn't a special effect. Actor Robert Redford proves
computer graphics stand no chance against the real thing. Redford
qualifies as the most distinguished silver-screen good guy to cavort in
such a dastardly manner since Henry Fonda in Sergio Leone's western
"Once Upon A Time in the West." If you've never seen Redford in action,
you owe it to yourself to check him out. By his presence alone, Redford
makes this action-adventure opus into a memorable experience. Let's
hope that Marvel Studios can keep up with good work with the
forthcoming "Avengers: Age of Ultron" in 2015.
