Good...but not THAT good

One of the better movies Woody Allen has put out in recent years,
featuring superior performances by Cate Blanchett as an emotionally
unstable woman forced to come down from her privileged past and Sally
Hawkins as her enabling lower-income sister. Allen's screenplay is
often amusing although it meanders at times (I looked at my watch more
than once during the screening I attended) and its story seems
uncomfortably reminiscent of "A Streetcar Named Desire" with Blanchett
in the Blanche DuBois role, Sally Hawkins as Stella, Peter Sarsgaard as
Mitch and Bobby Cannavale as Stanley Kowalski. It lacks the dramatic
power and sexual tension of Tennessee Williams' masterpiece and in the
end, Allen's urbane sophistication doesn't make up for it.There is a tendency in recent years to either over-praise Allen or rip
him to shreds. I don't think this film deserves either fate, being an
enjoyably diverting if occasionally pretentious and derivative
comedy/drama. It may not belong in the pantheon of great Woody Allen
movies like "Annie Hall" or "Manhattan" but it's no "Curse of the Jade
Scorpion" or "Celebrity" either. If it didn't have the Woody Allen
brand on it, I suspect that it would quickly come and go without notice
as a fairly well-made independent drama with some nice acting that has
some gripping sequences while ultimately being a little on the dull
side. Because of Allen's enduring reputation, it will probably pick up
an Oscar nomination or two (for Blanchett's performance and for Allen's
questionably "original" screenplay) because Allen's name still carries
cache with the taste arbiters. It had too many dull stretches and
redundant exchanges for that kind of attention for my money, but its
high points made me feel like there were worse ways to spend an hour
and a half.
