The diverse reactions =

Similar responses to the original Bladerunner when it came out in 1982
(when feel-good hit ET was in theaters) and how people didn't know what
to make of the then bleak, slow-paced Sci-Fi film. This is not unlike
introducing Guardians of the Galaxy fans to 2049 today, an even darker,
longer journey into the same Sci-Fi world. I can understand why some
people might not like it, mostly due to attention spans and needing
more explosions and violence with hyper-editing and a groovy
soundtrack. This is not a knock on those movies, this is just a
different genre. And just like the original, not everybody gets it or
truly appreciates what has been accomplished here. This is a BIG movie,
with a mystery that leaves you thinking and knowing that no matter what
your first opinion is, a second viewing is required to even begin
grasping everything you just saw. And not everybody wants to do that
because they don't want to be challenged. They want the eye-candy
action, a foot-tapping soundtrack and a vegetable soup ending spelled
out for them (in 2 hours or less). So no, this movie is not for them.However, if you're a fan of the original Bladerunner and that
particular dystopian world, this movie takes it to another level. After
seeing the original film, I remembering wondering what the world
outside of the dark LA nights in 2019 would be like? And that is just
one of the ways 2049 has expanded that notion, leaving an open door to
an even bigger world with deeper questions beyond it. Yes it is a long
and relatively slow paced movie (by design), and so was 'Once Upon a
Time in the West'. And yet just like that movie as well as the original
Bladerunner, over time, this too will get more and more appreciation
with age (and wisdom) for those who truly appreciate the art of
film-making. It's not perfect, no movie ever will ever to everybody
will it? But it is an amazing achievement and I look forward to my next
viewing with different eyes, taking in what I may have missed because
there is so much to see and overlook.
