Same but horrible version

After reading some of the reviews left by movie goers for this film I
am rather pleased. Pleased, that I'm not the only person who despised
this film. I didn't actually have high hopes for the film to start as
most movies this year have been let downs. Well this one was no
different..Where to start... Well the actor that played Testiclees, or whatever
his name was, did not fit the role at all. I did like the back story
between him and Xerxes (who not only looks like a lady but actually is
a lady in this sequel). Wait nevermind I didn't like it at all because
it was just ending of the first movie (hero didn't kill Xerxes, C'mon
really, did you even try writer). I should have got up and left right
there...I even stood up and thought about it before the guy behind me
yelled in arabic :/. The movie just got worse from there... I felt like
this movie might have been the rough draft of the first film. Same
plot, same character story lines (with little variation), same exact
lines.. They even used like 14 scenes from the original film itself.
Main character becomes a legend, Persians invade, One man leads army,
violence, sex scene, dad dies this time instead of closet gay son,
hunchback guy, betrayal, Spartans still make everyone else look like a
wuss and save the day.. The one major change in this movie is Xerxes is
a vagina pad in this movie vs. being an awesome antagonist.. And the
actual antagonist in the film would have been good if she didn't look
like a meth head the entire time... Character was dull, shallow, and
unoriginal.. The strength of her character is detracted by her
inability to control her emotions, which is actually pretty realistic
;). Fight scenes didn't do it for me... Just too over the top with the
choreographing.. Overall this film just sucked, I currently live in the
middle east and they cut out the only good part where I can only assume
Testiclees tried to put it in Eva's butt and she got upset about it...
I don't even review movies but I am so upset by this film that I am
trolling it..tl;dr - This is the bizzaro version of the original 300
