A fantastic conclusion to the Cornetto trilogy.

I didn't think this trilogy could get any better. However it somehow
exceeded by expectations. With fantastic direction from Edgar
Wright,smart writing from Wright and Simon Pegg and hilarious
performances from Pegg, Nick Frost and everyone else the World's end is
a great way to end the trilogy. The story focuses on a group of
childhood friends who go back to their hometown in order to repeat a
legendary pub crawl that ends with a pub known as the World's End.
However they realize that their whole town has been taken over by
robots and it's up to them to stop them from taking over the world. I
will admit that my only criticism of the film is that it does start off
a little slowly. The jokes felt a little stiff at times with their
execution and most of the humor was coming from Pegg's character.
However once the robots come in the movie does pick up the pace and
lives up to Shaun of the Dead and Hot Fuzz The performances are very
funny with Simon Pegg and Nick Frost actually switching roles. Pegg is
more of the bumbling idiot whereas Frost is the straight man. The other
performance are also good with Martin Freeman,Paddy Considine, Rosamund
Pike and Eddie Marsan. I also loved the ending which has probably the
best ending out of any of the Cornetto trilogy movies Overall the movie
is incredibly funny despite having a slow start. It's a perfect mix of
comedy and science fiction. I hope there's more to come from these very
funny and talented guys.
