Beautiful in every sense, Moana will soften even the hardest of hearts

Moana is a return to the classic Disney formula, the clichés and
characters ripped from a number of other animated films. However, the
pure beauty and skill of the production rises the old story into new
heights.Following from the success of Zootropolis, Moana follows a more
traditional narrative we know and love; the princess who wishes for
something more and is whisked on a supernatural adventure. We know this
story so well yet Moana seems fresh and thrilling as if the plot was
innovative. Perhaps this is due to the Polynesian setting or the
morally ambiguous Maui, played perfectly by Dwayne Johnson, but most
likely it is it the simple magic of Disney  the wonder for both
children and adults has reached its peak with the perfection of the
classic formula. For once, the clichés make the film more enjoyable.
The quality of the animation helps too: it's clear they have reached
the pinnacle of blending realistic textures with stylised designs,
creating an aesthetic beauty that few other companies can match 
Disney have mastered water to the point it looks better animated than
in real life! Even the music has been perfected here, the annoying
catchiness of Frozen's tunes replaced by memorable but effective songs
that fit the culture and setting of our adventure. A childlike warmth
was awakened in me and many other adult members of the audience as the
film brought the emotional highs of the Disney renaissance without the
modern subversion of the classic tropes. While Moana sometimes
threatens this with pop culture references, the film thankfully keeps
to mostly traditional values and morals; a step above many children's
animated films released today.Moana is good, old fashioned Disney magic; the traditional narrative
and morals updated with stellar animation and an awareness that's
effective but never overpowering enough to threaten the integrity of
the Disney formula.SWEETVisit https://sweetorsaltedmoviereviews.com/ for more.
