Her- Spike Jonze's Prophetic Reflection on Social Isolation and the Dependency on Evolving Technologies is as Sweet as it is Disconcerting

At the heart of every truly great science-fiction film there is an
emphasis on character that aims to reflect on some element of the human
condition usually intended to open our minds to thought provoking
predictions or eerily warn of an impending reality. We've seen numerous
examples of these contemplative films throughout the very existence of
cinema stemming all the way back to Fritz Lang's haunting futuristic
piece Metropolis and has inspired countless others in its thoughtful
wake as seen in memorable cinematic creations such as Ridley Scott's
Blade Runner, Andrei Tarkovsky's Stalker, and even Duncan Jones' Moon.
Never to be a director to back away from experimental presentation or
psychological study, Spike Jonze's Her fully embraces this reflective
science-fiction quality by peering into the deep sociable aspects of
the human psyche giving us more of a prophetical reality than a
fictional reflection. In his latest film Jonze creates a disconcerting
yet equally endearing romance between a secluded depressive and his
female operating system with an evolving consciousness, basically a
HAL-9000 homage from Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey, that
brings to light a commentary on our dependency of programmed living and
our need to maintain sociability when direct communication avenues have
been stricken from life's normality. Rarely do ambitious films meet
idyllically with their inquisitive potential, but Jonze has fashioned a
delicately profound science-fiction contemplation that is depicted
through the thoughtfulness of character alone that brims with wry
humor, authentic pain, and charming revelation. Through the use of
beautiful cinematography, impeccable production design, and subtle yet
evocative performances, Her becomes a multilayered film experience
where its character study of an isolated man afraid to become
vulnerable again blends harmoniously with a truly unconventional yet
naturally heartfelt romance. Jonze's affinity and ambition for
presenting psychological challenges, as he has done before with Being
John Malkovich, Adaptation, and especially in Where the Wild Things
Are, finally collides with emotionally piercing conveyance within Her
making it as thought provoking and as it is undeniably sweet. If the
sole purpose of the science-fiction genre is to expound on societal,
moral, and deeply psychological aspects of our human condition than Her
fits soundly within that genre's capabilities by capturing our
condition's essential need for sociability and love uncomfortably
linking it with our antisocial dependency on technology.
