War  Dogs

Director Todd Phillips, mostly famous for The Hangover trilogy, decided
to make a military/economic thriller. It sounds as quite a radical
change, but after a few seconds, it's clear that War Dogs will employ
the absurd and surrealistic humor Phillips is accustomed to work with.
The only difference is that War Dogs is based on true events...
something which makes it more cynical and disturbing. Miles Teller and
Jonah Hill make an excellent work as traders with temperaments which
are very different, but well balanced in order to flourish in the
unpredictable world of guns trafficking. War Dogs isn't strictly a
comedy. There are wide doses of humor, but beneath the laughs, there is
a serious anti-war manifest which doesn't only aim at denouncing war in
itself, but also the huge political and economic apparatus feeding from
the conflict... ie, the death and suffering of uncountable innocents.
That isn't a message traditionally expressed with lightness, but
co-screenwriters Phillips, Stephen Chin and Jason Smilovic make it work
in both the didactic and recreational levels. War Dogs undoubtedly
belongs to Teller and Hill, but the supporting cast also makes a
perfect work in their roles, highlighting Ana de Armas and the great
Kevin Pollak. Some people are comparing War Dogs to The Wolf of Wall
Street, but I found it more similar to The Big Short, which examined
the economic collapse of Wall Street. Both were made by directors
specialized in comedies, and despite dealing with serious themes, their
executions employed humor in order to make the hard truths they
revealed more accessible. I would consider War Dogs a bit inferior to
The Big Short, but it still deserves an enthusiastic recommendation as
a fascinating film which leaves us thinking for a long while after we
leave the cinema. Each person will know if they stay thinking "How is
it possible for things like that to happen?" or "How can I get into
that business?".
