L. Frank Baum is spinning in his grave!

Once again, Hollywood has come out with another horrific "addition" to
the canon of classic children's stories. This awful prequel should be
seen as another blemishment in Sam Raimi's career as a director. Once
again, he's splattered cheesy special effects all over the screen in an
attempt to impress the audience, but skips out on any type of depth of
meaning. He still hasn't figured out that the magic of the movies comes
out through the audience becoming engaged with the characters and the
storyline, not by being overwhelmed by an over-expansive
computer-generated world that looks like its made of plastic. James
Franco and Mila Kunis should also be embarrassed by their utter lack of
acting in this film. A half-hour into this tragedy and I was ready to
leave the theatre. All the characters in the film seem like they're
speaking their lines into the camera, probably a result of the fact
that everything in the film looks like it was put into the film in
post-production. I couldn't help but find it ironic that the
screenwriters of Oz have the Kansas magician be tempted by the
gold-filled riches of the Emerald City, but find the strength to
resist. After viewing the film, all one can think of is how much Roth
and Raimi sold out the magical, fantastical world of Oz for the evil
riches that came with suckering the poor fans of the imagination of
Baum with this over-bloated, horribly-written, poorly acted travesty of
a film. They are the ultimate Kansas hucksters. Perhaps they need to
look for a little more "goodness" and a little less "greatness."
