As Bad As a Weepy Pop Song

Music is a recurring literal and allegorical motif in If I Stay. In
keeping with this tired trend, if If I Stay was a song, it would be a
weapy Avril Lavigne ballad: fake, melodramatic, and boring. It's
blandness to the nth degree, with little to no style OR substance to
pull it out of its own self-absorbed pretension. Who will this movie
appeal to? It's too slow for tweens, too tepid for adults. Unless
you're looking for something stupid, vapid, depressing, clichéd,
annoying, and laughless, don't bother. The movie's essentially a
fantasy for shy teenage girls: the dreamy, popular older band-boy
inexplicably notices you, pursues you, and falls in love with you.
She's a shy but stuck-up classical cellist jerk. Her love interest is a
selfishly immature hipster jerk. They are a match made in conceited
jerk heaven! But when a tragic accident puts you on the brink of death,
your conscience must decide: do I keep living, or do I avoid pain by
dying? This pretense could make for some interesting storytelling, with
a ghost having to watch her life play out without affecting itbut
nope. Moretz, who I normally like, is given nothing to work with and
turns in her worst performance to date. A bevy of Portlandia-style
caricatures parade around screen shooting for authenticity and
consistently missing. I couldn't contain my eye-rolling at the
onslaught of cynical clichés and bad quips about the "power" of music.
Some decent scenes of actual musicianship, a couple of good
performances (Grandpa), and a modicum of sweetness are completely
overwhelmed by the inauthentic and never-ending dullness.
