Inventive and Evocative. Rite of Passage Gothic Style

I enjoyed most of the running time of 'Boys in the trees' but most
probably this movie wasn't aimed at me or my generation. Set in the
late 90's the narrative is concerned with one young man on the
precipices of change and facing his young adulthood. Holding some
traumatic experiences and feelings from when he was a child, 'Corey'
played convincingly by Toby Wallace is part of a gang of skating dudes
with lots of attitude but he doesn't fully commit to their behaviours
or sensibilities. He shares a secret with another boy played
quixotically by Gulliver McGrath who is carving out quite the career
both in Australia and around the world. Most of the film's luxuriant
running time is a 'journey home' series of set pieces where the two
lads are faced with real and imagined demons: both from within and out. There is a stylish and inventive use of the medium here, but I did find
some of the stream of consciousness elements a little obscure and self
referential. The performances are mostly fine, and for folks now thirty
somethings and younger will most probably get something out of the
ideas and excellent production design from the earlier era. It has
alternately a dreamy/nightmarish quality to the execution and for
Halloween freaks and lovers of different cinema, this is for you. But
sadly not for me. Still a solid 7 out of 10 for distinctive approach
and new voice in local cinema. Writer director Nicholas Verso will
undoubtedly make his mark with 'Boys in the trees'
