Realism it makes you think about members of your own family, it's typical with complex secrets and anger!

"August:Osage County" is one film one must see it's a winner. As
director John Wells makes a fine showcase to show what it's like being
in a family with secrets, and complex anger all centered around strong
dysfunctional women. In fact many like me can probably relate many of
these characters to some of their own family members. Based on a stage
winning play this family drama involves the Weston family of Oklahoma
and Violet Weston(the best in the business Meryl Streep)is a set in her
ways high strong stubborn old woman getting ready to die of cancer
she's in her final days and she's not gonna change her smoking and
she's still somewhat of a bigot. And when the unexpected death and
tragic passing of her husband happens her three grown daughters arrive
to visit the oldest Barbara(in a strong performance from Julia Roberts)
is the one that stands in the most with mom as she tells mama how it is
about her pill addiction! Then Ivy(Julianne Nicholson) a bruised soul
returns only to find a secret that will change her and then the
youngest the sexy and outgoing Karen(Juliette Lewis)is off to marry in
Florida. Thru it all the arguments and sharp mouths this clan never
agrees on anything it's even the small stuff it's family drama at it's
best maybe this is why Barbara's husband cheats on her, and even the
appearance of Violet's sister Mattie(Margo Martindale)and her husband
Charlie(Chris Cooper)adds more flames to the fire as the Weston family
is meant to be left with third degree burns of the soul and spirit. As
this film proves family love is tough and complex mostly with
disagreement and dysfunctional ways and secrets and stubborn minds tear
the family tree apart piece by piece. Overall great drama with truth
and realism it's one film to watch for sure.
