Hopefully This is the Last Witch Hunter...Literally.

The Last Witch Hunter (2015): Dir: Breck Eisner / Cast: Vin Diesel,
Elijah Wood, Rose Leslie, Michael Caine, Julie Engelbrecht: Imbecilic
science fiction action film that seems to suggest our defence against
evil. Vin Diesel plays a cursed witch hunter who is ages in years and
now hunts witches in modern day. Elijah Wood plays a young priest who
aids Diesel and comes off as unfortunately laughable because he is
hardly threatening. His portion of the film is also terribly
predictable. Rose Leslie looks stunning in her black leather and
flashing red hair but again, her scenes come off as laughable. She
works in a bar, likely to intoxicate herself into figuring out how she
went from Game of Thrones to this junk. She is a witch but feels
outside the box because she is a creature of good yet viewed as a
creature of evil because of reputation. Julie Engelbrecht has the good
fortune of being under heavy makeup so that she can less associate
herself with this junk. She plays a scary witch whom Diesel stabs a
half dozen times and plays x's and o's with her body while she burns.
Perhaps the worst aspect is how veteran actor Michael Caine got roped
into this. He is friends with Diesel before being cursed into a sleep.
That is pretty much his role for the remainder of the film. He might as
well be asleep for all the good this tripe will do for his overall
career. The special effects are okay but director Breck Eisner seems to
let everything get away on him just like the swarm of insects that
emerge towards the end. This pointless drivel is so pathetically lame
that perhaps jamming a stake through it would do it good. Score: 2 / 10
