Michael Keaton shines in this satisfying account of the man who brought birth of biggest running food company on the globe

What does director John Lee Hancock, the man who helmed the football
biopic 'The Blind Side' and the Walt Disney biopic 'Saving Mr. Banks',
has to offer in the history of the rising fast-food chain we all know
as McDonald's? This satisfying and intriguing biopic is a fascinating
examination of the little-known history behind one of the largest
companies in the world. What transpires in this near two-hour runtime
is a character study of the man who crossed paths with the burger joint
and transformed from your less-than-average fast-food network into a
major franchise that spawned to over 100 countries across the globe.
And Michael Keaton is the man in the suit, a man who faced many
challenges while testing ethical boundaries that made him both a
fascinating and somewhat unlikable guy. Collaborating with Hancock is
writer Robert D. Siegal who serves as the screenplay wizard and
illustrates a potent, if not masterful account on the man that changed
the food industry forever. Opening up in 1954, the film follows the
story of Ray Kroc (played by Michael Keaton) who went on an
unsuccessful trek across the country, trying to sell his innovative
milkshake machine to various food joints. He eventually came
face-to-face with hope when he found a burger joint named McDonald's in
San Bernardino run by brothers Dick (played by Nick Offerman) and Mac
(played by John Carroll Lynch). Impressed by their unprecedented
service, Kroc made a deal with the brothers who reluctantly agreed to
turn the restaurant into a nationwide (eventually worldwide) franchise.
But as the rising fast-food company was reaching many heights of
success, Kroc found his relationship with the brothers tested as he
began to dive into some questionable business practices that eventually
led him to success while the brothers, who are tried to play things
simple, were being pushed on the sidelines. Whether you crave the taste of McDonald's burgers or not, it is hard
not to become fascinated in John Lee Hancock's compelling examination
into a man who spat his face of business ethics to make his landmark
achievement in bringing the once-local restaurant into a worldwide
sensation. And when it comes to feeding audiences with intriguing
information about the birth of the fast-food joint, this movie never
takes that opportunity for granted. One of the biggest accomplishes
that the film perpetrates is by not going too to lionize nor demonize
Ray Kroc for his methodology to success but by simply painting an
intelligent picture of his actions that took place during the inception
of the fast-food joint into the major corporation. Michael Keaton plays
Kroc, the man who set out to make a difference but did so breaking the
boundaries and eventually lead to the initial founders of the company
to flunk out of the business they originally built. As disconcerting as
the story is, it is difficult not to admire the performance Michael
Keaton displays, powerfully portraying the man who had the brains and
persistence to strive for success but lacked the heart and soul that
diminished the relationship with the McDonald brothers and his wife,
played fantastically by Laura Dern, whom he neglected in the process.
He is a man who you will be rooting for one moment, then a few moments
later finding yourself conflicted by it due to his selfishness,
especially when considering the fact that he also robbed one of the
investors of his wife, played by Linda Cardellini. It is a triumphant
tale, but with an unfair silver lining underneath the surface. The Founder is a provocative biopic sparkling with an astonishing
performance by Michael Keaton and a strongly fascinating character
study that injects powerful interest in the widely unknown history of
the fast-food company many know and love to this day, despite the
checkered history. Although it may not fit too well in the Oscar
category, it certainly warrants for an important, if not superb
experience.
