Message Received.

Had a bulk of Expectations from PK while I was walking into the Cinema
hall. This film created buzz ever since the 1st Poster was released.
All the promos were intriguing & made me watch the film. And as usual
Rajkumar Hirani & Aamir Khan didn't disappoint me. Rather i got more
than what i expected. Started off with a Simple Love story between
Anushka & Sushant Singh Rajput which could look a li'l dull at times.
But it picked up nicely ever since Aamir Khan got into the frame. There
are Laughter riots throughout the 1st half. The song 'Bhagwan..' was
Picturised amazingly. The song sang by Sonu Nigam left me with moist
eyes. But the main focus of the film was to put light on our way of
thinking about the Godmen. 'PK' takes this message a few steps higher
than what we saw in Paresh Rawal starrer 'Oh My God'. It also
brightened the focus on people's point-of-view towards different
Religions. The 1st half was full of pace and some memorable scenes. 2nd
half started off a little slowly with a couple of stretched scenes
(that had no need of). But it again picked up pace and headed towards
the Climax with lots more drama, laughter and excitement. For me, it's
one of the Best executed films i have seen recently. One of the Best
fims of 2014 for sure (along with the likes of 'Haider' & 'Queen') if
not the Best. It's also a very timely released film as the devastating
terror attack took place in Pakistan a few days back. Talking about the
acting, Aamir Khan has just Killed it once again. I can't recall when
is the last time I came across such a brilliant performance in
bollywood. His Acting, his expressions, his style - everything was just
beautiful. Arguably his Best Ever Performance. Anushka Sharma, playing
a TV Journalist has also done a commendable job. Sourabh Shukla looked
extra- ordinary in his Bald look. he was awesome as usual. Sunshat &
Boman were good in their respective small roles. PK is a Trademark
Rajkumar Hirani Film written all over it with Laughter, Emotions, Drama
& an important Message. I would Love if the whole Bollywood starts
making films like Raju Hirani without caring about Box Office Records
as Baba Ranchoddas says, "Chase Excellence, success will follow you" ;)
& lastly, if you are a Bollywood lover, then you'll have a huge
Surprise at the End of the Film. :)
