What the eh? This surreal body horror film is weird as hell, but it made a splash with me. I kinda like it.

In 2013, a fake ad created by prankster, Christ Parkinson on England's
free classified site Gumtree, stated that a retired man was looking for
a tenant and was willing to offer free rent to a person who was willing
to dress up in a walrus costume for roughly two hours a day. Fascinated
with the odd request of this ad, director Kevin Smith discussed it with
co-host Scott Mosier on Smith's SModcast podcast that same year. After
talking about it even more, this fictional ad inspired Kevin Smith to
make this fictional film similar to it. He took the concept into a much
more sinister path, with an American podcaster Wallace Bryton (Justin
Long) goes missing in the backwoods of Canada while interviewing a
mysterious seafarer named Howard Howe (Michael Parks), whom wants to
turn his body, into a living breathing human walrus. Without spoiling
the movie, too much, I have to say, the film is somewhat sophistical
with its dialogue and message, despite the silly concept. The film is
full of symbolism, metaphor, and moral meaning, all related to the
topic of Walruses. Smith is able to show the important of the animal in
the eyes of Howe, very well. It seem to me, that Kevin Smith has always
been interested in the animal, ever since reading the 19th century,
children author Lewis Carroll's novel, 'Through the Looking Glass'.
Smith always tries really hard to fit the poem, "The Walrus and the
Carpenter", whenever movie, he is working on. One good example of that,
is his lengthy and verbose philosophical dialogue in his 1999's
'Dogma'. Interpreting that the Walrus to be a caricature of the Buddha
and the Carpenter to be a caricature of Jesus Christ, Smith is able,
make a convincing argument, about going against God's wishes.
Nevertheless, the Walrus metaphor in his movie is differ from the film,
'Dogma', with Smith saying the Walrus is God, in animal form & the only
way to meet God, is for humans to unleash their animalistic urges. Even
when Howe speaks, "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner" by the English poet
Samuel Taylor Coleridge. You really get the sense of loneliness and
guilt, he has, about his past and why Mr. Tusk is important to him, by
Smith's dialogue for the Canadian Serial Killer. With this, you can
really see, why Howe is so disturbing. All, very well recite by season
actor, Michael Parks in his chilling performance as Howard Howe.
Though, to be fair, his character does go a little over the top
cartoony, toward the end with his walrus fight with Wallace Bryton. I
really couldn't stand him, by then. In return, Justin Long turns in,
what might be, say, his best performance yet. Despite, his character,
being a bit unlikeable and so clichés. I was really interested in his
struggles against Howe. I just wish, the walrus costume, he wore,
toward the last part of the film was a little more realistic. It look a
little too fake for some people. The supporting cast is also a mixed
bag for me. Genesis Rodriguez and Haley Joel Osment are fine as
Wallace's girlfriend Ally Leon and best bud/c-podcaster Teddy Craft,
respectively. However, their characters does seem a bit underdeveloped
by the story. The movie hints on a romantic subplot, between them, but
it's never truly explained, or explore, past a certain point in the
story. While, those characters were a bit disappointing. As least, they
weren't as annoying as the Canadian stereotypes supporting characters
in this film. I really couldn't stand them. The only character, I kinda
like, was former Sûreté du Québec inspector, Guy LaPointe (Johnny
Depp). His scene with Teddy and Ally at the Gimli Slider Restaurant is
a lot of fun. Depp is so good, at character acting, I really didn't
know, he was, in this movie, until later. He was kooky as hell. What a
great character! I'm glad that LaPointe will return in 2016's Yoga
Hosers; as well with the cameos of Kevin Smith and Johnny Depp's
daughters, Lily Rose and Harley Quinn as the Canadian clerks, Colleen
McKenzie and Colleen Collette. In many ways, this movie, not only,
introduce the daughters of Smith and Depp to the world, but also
introduce us, to the True North trilogy of Canadian horror films that
Kevin Smith has made, because of it. (2014's Tusk & 2016's Yoga Hosers
& 2018's Moose Jaws). While the concept of a human into a walrus might
seem dumb to most people. For me, it's a guilty pleasure watch. Smith
to me, seem to pull this movie off, because of his flair of turning the
subject into a very serious subject, despite it, being play as a horror
comedy. It gave the movie, a lot of fun. Though, Smith does
overindulges at the silliness at certain moments. A good example is the
spider killing scene, between LaPointe and the killer. It could had
been cut down, a bit, as it's very clear, that these two were really
chewing the scene, way too much. Some of the other scenes, also feel a
bit disjointed, and bad paced. However, for the most part, this bizarre
film was so entertaining, that you rarely notice, the runtime. Overall:
This movie is well shot, and had a unique astrosphere. While, I
wouldn't say, it's the best movie, from him. It's still funny, strange,
disquieting, and occasionally gory enough to stand out. So, check it
out! It's not that bad.
