This one is gonna stick with me

"Room" is an adaption of an internationally best-seller novel written
by Irish playwright and novelist, Emma Donoghue. This is her first book
to be adapted into a major motion picture and I have to say that it is
a rather impressive one. I have not read Emma's novel yet, but I can
only guess that this movie sticks to the novel's roots, considering
that Emma decided to write the screenplay herself. Room is a story
about a women who was kidnapped during her high school years and locked
in a shed for 7 years. She was impregnated by her kidnapper in this
room and was locked inside with the child. The child grows up and
around the age of five is when the movie picks up. Throughout this
entire movie we are taken through this story strictly from the Jack's
(the child) point of view. Even though this story is experienced
through the lens of this child, the story is in no way filtered or
gussied up. It is this intimate and raw story about a child and his
mother spending a hugely relevant portion of their existence stuck in
this dull, dirty and claustrophobia-inducing shed. This shed contained
one small window that emits a tiny portion of daylight into the room.
To me, this represented a light at the end of the tunnel. Sort of like
a tiny glimmer of hope in a deep and dark abyss. Throughout this entire
movie, Jack narrates his experiences as he embarks upon the world.
Jacob Trembley portrays this character with such a sense of wonder and
innocence that every single narration that I hear from this boy is just
heartbreaking. Every time Jack takes away something from the world, he
takes it in as something new and exciting even if it is scary. They are
things that everyone takes for granted everyday: trees, dogs, the sky,
etc. You would think that the dramatic climax would be at the beginning
when Jack gets out of the tiny room he has been locked in his entire
life, but after-wards, this film just drags in one dramatic scene after
another in a way that turns this film into one big heartache an
experience. I do have say that Jacob Trembley and Allison Brie's
performances carry a lot of the weight of this film. Allison gives a
very natural and organic performance. You never catch her overacting or
being too stiff during any scene in this movie. Jack Trembley gave one
of the most, if not the most, impressive performances of the year. Not
just because of his age, but because of how well of a dramatic
performance that he gives without over or underacting in any of his
scenes. He seemed to take his role with a very adult-like seriousness
that translated into a lot of the movie's themes of innocence that are
chased by the persistent and harsh reality that Jack and his mother are
facing. The directing and cinematography in this film are beautiful.
The film's intense theme is complimented with a variety of out-of-
focus and close up shots that highlight the child's immediate
consciousness as he takes the outside world with fresh- eyes. Many of
the scenes are also complimented by a beautiful and breathtaking film
score composed by the award-winning Stephen Rennicks who has been
crafting soundtracks in the indie film world since 1997. Overall, this
is a film that I won't be forgetting for the rest of my life. Mainly
because it is a film about escaping outside of the room that you have
been stuck in your whole life and discovering a world that has been
hidden from you. I know that sounds kind of cheesy but this film does
it in the most grounded and intense way possible. Not to mention that
it is dosed with themes of abandonment, human-kindness, and media
exploitation. I don't usually give films a 10/10. As a matter of fact,
I could probably count the films this year that I do consider 10s on
one hand. The films I consider perfect are life changing in some way or
benchmarks in cinematic history. While this film will probably be
washed away by the ever expanding ocean that is cinema, it is not a
movie that I will be personally ever forgetting. I can't remember
watching a film that made me feel so grateful for just being alive.
