One of the worst movies I've ever watched...

Kevin Smith, whose repeated threats in recent years of permanently
exiting the world of filmmaking have taken on the dubious credibility
of retirement announcements from, say, most classic rock bands, has
apparently found his creative mojo once again with the batsh*t crazy
Tusk. Smith's previous film, 2011's Red State, was justifiably poorly
received by critics and audiences, souring him even further on the
filmmaking process. Then in 2013, a bizarre discussion on an episode of
Smith's SModcast podcast hastily inspired him to write and direct Tusk,
a high-concept movie (in more ways than one, I'm sure) that can be
summarized with one sentence: Los Angeles podcaster visits Manitoba and
gets kidnapped by a lunatic who turns him into a walrus. Still with me?
Smith, during the film's second TIFF screening I attended after its
world premiere the night before, joked that he had reached the point in
his career where "I don't give a fu*k anymore", but just because Smith
has reached a bitter crossroads in his career that's resulted in quite
literally one of the worst movie experiences I've ever sat through
doesn't mean you should also be subjected to the man's lack of impulse
control. Two main things drew me to Tusk: 1) I was a modest fan of most of
Smith's work (which you probably can't tell from the contempt being
leveled at him in this review, but that just speaks to the permanently
scarring effects of this abomination) and 2) the film is mostly set in
Manitoba and promised plenty of Canadian references and jokes. The
humour, like almost everything else in Tusk, never works, however. I
can count on one hand the number of times I laughed during the film and
I was surprised, frankly, that Smith, a man with both a sharp wit and
an extensive knowledge of this country (as he'll gladly point out any
chance he gets about the latter), stooped to such lazy and predictable
jokes about not loving hockey and the word "aboot". Johnny Depp shows
up briefly to chew scenery as Guy Lapointe, a quirky Quebec detective
constructed entirely of French-Canadian stereotypes that become
tiresome very quickly. For further evidence of the film's humour
deficiency, the name of the comedy podcast hosted by protagonist
Wallace Bryton (played by Justin Long, who goes heavy on the
douchebaggery) and his sidekick, Teddy (played by The Sixth Sense's
Haley Joel Osment), is "The Not-See Party", whose theme finds the hosts
making fun of people they've read about or seen on the internet. That
kind of half-assed and witless screen writing also extends to key plot
points, like the one that conveniently allows Wallace to contact his
friends after being kidnapped by the deranged Howard Howe (played by
Michael Parks, who's decent performance is the only thing remotely
redeemable about the movie). I could go on about how the supposed big
payoff of seeing Wallace transformed into a walrus disappoints mightily
with shoddy special effects (the sight of him is slightly disturbing,
but not Human Centipede-level disturbing), or how the tease of some
much-needed action at the movie's end is practically over before it
begins, or how the dreadful final scene provided a fitting end to this
turd of a filmÂ…but I'm sure you've gotten my point. As I write this,
I've gotten six days of distance from watching Tusk and having to
revisit it for this review has genuinely made me feel, well, annoyed. That annoyance was felt during the screening, too, as a packed audience
heavy on Smith fanboys and fangirls at the sizable Bloor Hot Docs
Cinema inexplicably laughed and cheered throughout the movie. Normally
I stick around for festival Q & A sessions, but as the credits rolled
and Tusk was met with rapturous applause, I couldn't head for the exits
quickly enough to get as far away as possible from Kevin Smith and
anyone who thought his latest film was worthy of such adoration. And
fair warning: Smith has two more films in the pipeline that'll complete
what he's calling his "True North Trilogy". Yoga Hosers is currently
shooting and centres around the pair of surly teenage girl convenience
store clerks (played by Smith's and Depp's daughters) that get about
five minutes of forgettable screen time in Tusk, to be followed by a
Jaws-inspired movie about a killer moose. God help us all.
