Where's the beef?

Strange it is to pay seven to ten dollars to see a movie about male
strippers--and none of them even remove their tee shirts until a so-
called "grand finale" at the end. This is when our boys actually strip
down to speedos and jock straps. Wow. Channing Tatum, the main star,
was all over the media months before the premiere, assuring one and all
that this sequel to the highly successful original, "Magic Mike,"
definitely deserves a "hard X" since it'll show off a lot more of the
guys than previously seen. As he winked and smirked, he also promised
us he would keep the most handsome of the original strippers, Joe
Manganiello, naked as much as possible. Tatum's promises never
appeared. Instead, we have nearly two hours of non-stop verbal garbage
as the guys ad-lib and we can't understand anything they say since they
all swallow their words. In their van they're traveling to Myrtle Beach
for a stripper convention and along they way, they have several
encounters with women who are so unattractive they're only blurs. Then
we come to big stripper event. We're tantalized by seeing other male
strippers preparing for the show but we never see them. All we see is a
hysterical carnival like routine featuring Tatum, Joe and Matt Bonner.
They whirl around, move their hips against women and when they finish,
we realize none of our hotties even showed their butts, let alone their
joy sticks. Probably the most hideous sequence in the movie that drags
on forever is when the guys stop at a plantation to see black strippers
but it's all filmed so darkly you can't tell what's happening in the
shadows. Poor Jada Pickett Smith. She should definitely grab the
Raspberry Award for the Most Horrendous cameo in the movie. This is a
movie that could safely play on the Disney Channel but even the kids
would be bored out of their skulls.
