That's My Boy

I saw on Wikipedia that this was on "List of films considered the
worst", I have a seen a majority of films from the star of Big Daddy,
many of them have been rubbish, I had to see if this one would be the
same story, from Razzie nominated director Sean Anders (Sex Drive,
Horrible Bosses 2). Basically in 1984 young Donal "Donny" Berger
(Justin Weaver) has a crush on his teacher Mary McGarricle (Eva Amurri
Martino), she is a hebephile (has a sexual appetite for teenagers), she
begins a sexual relationship with him. This relationship is discovered
during an assembly, Mary is sentenced to prison, it is revealed she is
pregnant, custody of the unborn child goes to Donny's abusive father
until Donny is a mature age. Twenty-eight years later in 2012, adult
Donny (Razzie winning Adam Sandler) is a broke alcoholic slacker who
spends his time with his friends, bartender Brie (singer Ciara) and her
stripper mother Champale (Borat's Luenell), his grown up son changed
his name to Todd Peterson (Andy Samberg), he is embarrassed by his
father's immaturity, he is a successful businessman planning to marry
his fianc√©e Jamie Martin (Leighton Meester). Donny learns from his
lawyer Jim Nance (Rex Ryan) that he owes $43,000 to the IRS in back-
taxes, he will be imprisoned for three years if this is not repaid by
the end of the week, with his previous period of celebrity he agrees
with TV producer Randall Morgan (Dan Patrick) to attempt a televised
reunion with Todd and his mother in the women's prison, for $50,000.
Donny arrives in Cape Cod, finds Todd, and tries to convince to take
part, Todd introduces everyone to Donny as his friend, having
previously told them that his parents are dead, Todd refuses to reunite
with his mother in prison, not knowing about the TV show. Todd
initially argues constantly with his childish and obnoxious father, but
slowly he changes his opinion, even imitating his behaviour, Donny is
allowed to attend a bachelor organised before the wedding, and his son
bonds with Brie at the strip club. Todd does finally agree to meet his
mother, the older Mary McGarricle (Susan Sarandon), at the prison,
having bonded with his son Donny tries to stop Todd from going, knowing
that the TV crew are waiting, but he is too late, Todd does get some
time with his mother, but they are then ambushed by the crew, Todd is
disgusted and leaves, therefore Donny does not get the money. But then
Donny hears a conversation Jamie has that could change everything, he
assumes she has been sleeping with Todd's boss Steve Spirou (Tony
Orlando), this turns out to be false, however she has been having sex
with her own brother Chad (Heroes' Milo Ventimiglia), she is willing to
give Donny $50,000 to keep quiet about the affair. Donny decides to go
against Jamie's hush money to stop the wedding, he gets the help of his
celebrity buddy (Razzie nominated) Vanilla Ice, he reveals to all
spectators that he is in fact Todd's father, tears up Jamie's cheque
and forces her to admit her infidelity, he is disgusted and breaks up
with Jamie. In the end Todd finally acknowledges Donny as his father,
he even goes back to using his birth name Han Solo Berger, he starts
dating Brie, and offers to help Donny to pay the unpaid taxes, he
refuses and is prepared to go to prison, in fact Donny gets the money
he needs winning a long-shot bet he placed, Donny and Han celebrate
with all their friends. Also starring James Caan as Father McNally,
Will Forte as Phil, Blake Clark as Gerald and Razzie nominated Nick
Swardson as Kenny. Sandler has played a slacker many times, his
character is also a former tabloid celebrity with his claim to fame
being that he screwed his teacher, in this he is just another boorish
moron, Samberg is mildly alright as the more mature son of his, the
appearances of great actors like Caan and Sarandon is pointless. This
film I will admit made me titter in some small places, probably the
same goes for the critics that give it two stars out of five, but it is
crammed with predictability, not very amusing slapstick, stereotypical
characters and annoying sentimentality, and its gross in some moments
as well, it's just a terrible comedy. It won the Razzie for Worst
Screenplay, and it was nominated for Worst Screen Couple for Sandler
and either Meester, Samberg, or Sarandon, Worst Screen Ensemble for the
Entire Cast and Worst Picture. Pretty poor!
