Yikes

I don't write reviews often, but my friends and I decided to go see
this due to all the great reviews, so I feel obligated to write a not
so great review in hopes I can rescue at least one person from making
the same mistake we did. It should be said I am an adult, but I'm a kid
at heart and I love animated movies. This is the first animated movie
I've ever seen that I just could not stand. The creators are getting
lazy. You can't just create a bunch of animals and hire big name
celebrities to do the voices and make them sing and expect it to be a
good movie. Although I don't know, according to all the positive
reviews, maybe you can? Here's my take on the movie: it was not funny
(I didn't laugh once and I laugh at everything) and it was not cute (I
also find most things cute). The story was very lazy and predictable.
The characters were very annoying and unlikable. From start to end they
are lying, stealing money, robbing, bullying one another, and then
lying some more. But hey who cares, because in the midst of it all,
they are singing! There's the clich√© stern parent who doesn't support
his child's dreams, until all of a sudden he does for no apparent
reason. I realize this movie is for kids, but even the kids in the
theater were running up and down the aisles because they were bored. If
you enjoy quality animated movies with depth and creativity such as Toy
Story, Finding Nemo, Up, Monsters Inc., etc then I would really advise
against seeing this movie.
