If you're an AC fan you will love this movie.

This movie is more of an homage to the game. The writing is similar,
the plot is similar, and all the action are great and well done. The
movie did a great job at recalling all the great moments in the AC
series, and retrofitting them into this new plot. If you have played
all the games, then this movie is perfect, it doesn't go into detail
about the creed or the templars, you will have to fill in the blanks on
your own. Some scenes are very powerful if you understand the back
story and things that happened in the game and connect the reference.
Basically this movie is a huge ester egg from the games. A bunch of
references,and all in all it was fun watching it with a friend and
pointing out which scenes were inspired by which game in the series.
For example the ending is like a big ass homage to the original game
trailer, the thing that started it all. Also if you are a veteran of
the games, you wouldn't want to sit through the whole Templar vs
assassin's and their creed explained for the fifth time anyways, this
movie cut to the meat of the games, and I was glad that they did like
this, not a lot of video games adaptation are bold enough to skip very
key plot points. This movie is catered heavily on the true AC fans, I
am for once am extremely happy I bought a movie ticket full price to go
and support this production. It did not let me down and I am extremely
proud of the cast and crew for their work on this movie.
