McCounaghey never stops

An easy example of how everybody goes mad around gold is this movie
that tells a story about massive if can be called fraud but more trick
played. Kenny Wells (Matthew McCounaghey) is a successor of company
that deals with findings of minerals and making profits outs of it and
as time went by they were running deeper and deeper into a hole. After
all hopes are lost Kenny decides to take a big risk and travel to
Indonesian to meet with Michael Acosta. Michael (Edgar Ramirez) is a
geologist that has belief that gold is somewhere in forests in
Indonesia so he gets Kenny to turn everything around and help him dig
that out. After being sick for many weeks and almost dying and when all
hopes seemed lost Edgar bring a happy news. They found gold so now only
thing that needs to be done is to find someone to finance that digging
and there comes Jeff Jackson (Timothy Simons). He gets so hooked up to
idea that there is a massive gold lying somewhere around that he
manages to get a lot people in buying stocks of Wells company.
Everything was going great but after discovery that it was all set up
by Edgar and that he got away with ton of money movie just gets mad.
There is everybody being tricked by one guy and story losses it power
because of fact that they all forgot to check report and analyse in
their greed and belief in him. Including love life of Kenny and his
girlfriend Kay in story was something that should not be bigger focus
but at times it felt that way. Story seems great and there is some of
good dialogue but it lacks in focus on importance of things but feels
surreal and silly to even happen. Ending was a huge improvement in
story and it probably lift character of Edgar. 2.5/4
