I wish I can saw this movie in half. Keep the first half, tossed the second half, away and rewrite it. It's really that bad.

The Texas Chainsaw Massacre franchise is a series of horror films which
depict people meeting their ends at the hands of an Ax-Crazy family in
Texas known as the Sawyers. The most famous of the Sawyers is the
chainsaw-toting manic known as Leatherface whom now played by actor Dan
Yeager. Unlike the other Texas Chainsaw Massacre movies, that were
often reboots or retellings. 2013's Texas Chainsaw 3D was supposed to
be a direct sequel to the 1974 classic film: Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
The movie erase or ignored the canon of 1986 sequel Texas Chainsaw
Massacre 2 & 1990s Leatherface: Texas Chainsaw Massacre III from
existence. The film begins with stock footage recap of the 1974 film,
and the events that happen after it, with the victim escaping the
family's home. A lynch mob was gather up for revenge, and the Sawyer's
family were killed off by them. The movie really expand the number of
family numbers to a large amount. Honestly, where were half of these
characters in the first movie!? For the most part, the family members
that were added, are just there to get killed off, or pay homage to the
first movie by having the actors in the 1974 film, to return. A good
example are Gunnar Hansen as Boss Sawyer: Hansen last portrayed
Leatherface in the 1974 original film and John Dugan reprise as Grandpa
Sawyer. They even got Marilyn Burns, the original final girl to play a
role in the film. One of new Sawyers members was an infant girl, who
was spare and rescued by one of the townspeople. The infant grew up to
become Heather Miller (Alexandra Daddario), a 20 year old woman who
decades later, learns that she inherited a mansion from her biological
grandmother. With her friends, she go there and they learn the hard way
that Leatherface is still alive. First off, how is Heather in her 20s??
The movie doesn't know what time period, they want to place her in. Her
and her friends look like they were dressed in late 1970s/1980s, but
it's clearly pointed out that 2012 with the camera phones and
tombstones explicitly saying the date. Leatherface would be in his 60s.
Gees he is able to run around in his age. Wouldn't Heather be like 48
year old, not in her 20s??? If the movie was place in the late 1990s
where Heather would be in 20s, it would make more sense. I really don't
see, the reason, why the movie had to set in the present day. The movie
tries to hide this mistake, by conveniently trying to hide the year
obscured and everyone seems to be going out of their way to not mention
what year "August 19th" was. The movie has no sense of time. I have a
hard time believing that Leatherface had time to un-earthed a rotten
body in 10 minutes flat, just for a jump scare. The first half of the
movie is just the same tiresome clichés structure of any horror movie,
with a bunch of unlikeable teenagers partying too much, and having sex
when they should be wondering why characters were getting whack off,
one by one. The second half of the movie, has the balls to turn
Leatherface into the anti-hero, when Heather learn about the truth of
her past, and the townspeople decide to take their vendetta on her.
Yes, the movie wants us to root for the cannibals! Heather was the most
decent character in the film, but the movie had the need for her to
team up with Leatherface against the evil town-folks. Wow, that's BS!
Let's forget, that Leatherface killed most of her friends and try to
kill her in the first half. This isn't a spoiler, since the audience
knew fully aware that Heather is related to Leatherface, but why is she
teaming up with him. Honestly, it would had made better, if she was
given a Laurie Strode like role in 1981 Halloween 2, having to fight
both the town folks and the chainsaw manic. The movie was made in 3-D,
but it was rarely used. When it was use, it was just awkward or
gimmicky. The movie is full of bad one-liners. The movie has a number
of gorn like scenes that horror people might love, but it's badly done.
Check out the awful CGI blood scenes to get why it's bad. The movie got
first a NC-17 rating due to excessive gore, but after cutting it down.
It was resubmit to the MPAA, and got an R rating. The movie was
produced by Twisted Pictures & Lion Gates distributing. Both companies
are known for their Saws movie series. There is a cameo of a
chainsaw-wielding man dressed as Jigsaw in the film to hint about that.
There is also a post-credits scene, that doesn't add anything to the
plot. Watch it, if you want to. Overall: I get that the movie was made
with heart with director John Luessenhop onboard. The obvious goal of
the film was to attract genre enthusiasts who value faithfulness to the
classics. It kept most of the homages, but it ruins it by the antihero
concept. I do like the reappearance sound of the flash the camera
makes, but for the most part, the movie is a laughable attempt to
follow the original. The 2003's Texas Chainsaw Massacre is far superior
to this film. It's still better than a lot of the other remakes and
sequels out there.
