Liked it better the 1st time, when it was called "Under Siege"

WARNING - CONTAINS SPOILER(S) ***************************** Is it just
me, or did they just take the storyline from "Under Siege" and say,
"Hey lets just do this over - but use the White House instead of a
ship...." Seriously, this is the EXACT SAME STORY, only in a different
setting! I haven't seen any reviews that point out this glaring fact
yet - if they're out there and I missed them, I apologize up front in
the case of any repetition! Apparently, Steven Seagal was unavailable
for the 3rd installment of the 'UndSeg' trilogy - he's probably busy
with some mega-badass projects that call for lots of ponytails and
squinting. So what did casting say?? Screw it!! Throw a Scotsman in
there to save the American president! Gary Busey can't play the
treasonous double-agent part again? No prob, just use Dylan McDermott
instead...not as much of a maniac, maybe - but he was in Jersey Girl!
Tommy Lee Jones too busy shooting commercials to lead an elite
terrorist squad? Can we use a Korean guy instead?? They even kept the
two big knife fights at the end : the one where Seagal/Butler
dispatches the traitor Busey/McDermott, and the one that where
Jones/Yune winds up with a skull full of knife... Surely I'm not the
only one who caught this...Positive note : special effects were great Great for : people with a
5th grade education or lower, and who have never seen the actual White
House Hidden Message : Let's all fear, hate, and mistrust yellow people
now!!
