I've seen this movie before

I have seen this movie before. It had different actors and the
characters had different names but the story was the same. Hot boy with
attachment issues meets his perfect girl. They get to know each other
and get on so well and fall in love. They fall out over something that
he did and then get together in the end and live happily ever after.
Also you have his two less attractive best friends. One is a jerkish
comic relief and the other a serious straight edge guy who is in a
serious relationship and is trying to overcome some kind of monotony.
Which in the end he does overcome when he has a great epiphany, finds
the girl with glasses and gets together with her. It's so clich√©! When
she came over to his house and was playing xbox with the guys I knew
she would turn around to look at his with a cheesy big smile. I knew
that when she rang him in the bar that her father was dead before the
lead character told us. I also knew that the comic relief guy would end
up with his female counterpart the moment I saw her and that they would
end up fighting because he never told his friends they were dating
because of the bet and he also has commitment issues. (note that I
don't even know their names. I don't need to cause I don't care about
them, they don't make me want to care.) Also the actors I feel should
have been in their 30's to have those kinds of jobs and plot lines they
seemed a little young that may have been another reason why I didn't
connect with it. Blah blah blah altercations, no man is an island,
resolutions, happy endings! I didn't even finish the film!
