stunned into silence

20 years in the making (apparently) and yet the most stark silence was
that of the audience after the movie who clearly and with
understandable deference to the Scorsese canon, were unwilling to
immediately call this movie out for the self-indulgent disaster it
actually is and could find few words to compensate for the searing
boredom most had undoubtedly endured. Perhaps it's art masquerading as
entertainment but, for me, it fails as either. The story was sparse,
the characters undeveloped, the cinematography sometimes lush and
promising and often the best thing about the movie. The message? There
was little here that gave me anything to chew on. Faith is a tough gig
at any time but particularly on a clandestine crusade in 17th century
Japan? Sure. When life is almost unbearably awful the promise of
paradise in the afterlife is alluring? Uh-huh. Belief is riddled with
ambiguity, uncertainty, fear and doubt. Yep, I get it. If we were meant
to sympathise or even empathise with a mission to convert the peasant
classes in isolated and xenophobic Japan then I failed, badly. When God
spoke in the silence I got confused, more worryingly so did the Jesuit
priest. What was the question Scorsese was struggling so obviously to
answer? I don't know but as Bukowski once said "for those who believe
in God most of the big questions are answered" and for those who don't?
Well they have an opportunity to be their own God.
