Great Australian horror film

You've heard of feel-good films, well this is not one. It's creepy and
disturbing pretty well all the way, a good old horror fantasy with a
nod to the psychological canniness of Nightmare on Elm Street but much
more economical in terms of special effects, casting and I would
imagine budget. It nevertheless maintains tension and atmosphere along
with some high-flying dramatic sequences from the actors which bear
comparison with The Exorcist. The plot also connects nicely with the
psychological and existential conflicts facing a single mother whose
son's birth coincided with the tragic death of her husband, and the
whole nasty Babadook phenomenon, and its unresolved outcome, can
certainly be read as an allegory of this traumatic event. Maybe it's
over-reading to say the film also contains a Nietszchian lesson about
the importance of embracing every aspect of one's life and history, no
matter how horrific - but it works for me. The acting is amazingly good
from the two leads, although the supporting characters are a bit
stereotyped, a directing decision presumably. Sets and locations are
charged with a bleak gloom, and the colour accordingly verges on
monochrome. Love the specially made children's book, and Mr Babadook's
physical character, as well as the wonderfully curated vintage movie
footage appearing throughout on the TV screen. And a special word for
the very fine intricately crafted sound design.
