Great Spy Thriller

In 1957, during the Cold War, the insurance lawyer James B. Donovan
(Tom Hanks) is assigned by the Bar association to defend in court the
Soviet spy Rudolf Abel (Mark Rylance), who was captured by the FBI.
Donovan is successful and Rudolf is sentenced to life imprisonment
instead of death penalty. Meanwhile the American pilot and spy Francis
Gary Powers (Austin Stowell) is arrested by the Soviet government while
taking photos from a spy plane that crashed. The CIA summons Donovan to
help in the negotiation to exchange the two spies. When Donovan learns
that the American student Frederic Pryor (Will Rogers) was arrested in
the border of East Berlin while trying to bring his German girlfriend
to the West Berlin, he decides to include the student in the
negotiation. However his proposal is not supported by the CIA that is
interested in Powers only. Further, Powers is prisoner of the soviet
government and Pryor is prisoner of the GDR (German Democratic
Republic). Will Donovan succeed in his intent?"Bridge of Spies" is a great spy thriller based on a true story in the
period of the Cold War. The plot is engaging and the cinematography,
costume design and art direction are amazing. It is unnecessary to
comment the direction of Steven Spielberg and the performance of Tom
Hanks, perfect as usual, but it is impressive the capacity of
negotiation of James B. Donovan. This American lawyer is shown as an
impressive negotiator, having cold blood to make tough decisions. The
credits informs that Donovan has been also successful negotiating later
in Cuba the release of prisoners. My vote is eight.Title (Brazil): "Ponte dos Espi√µes" ("Bridge of Spies")
