The film would have been more satisfying if it were more than its title

In 2009 the cargo ship Maersk Alabama was carrying food aid towards the
countries of Somalia and Uganda. Twenty crewmen were on board the ship,
which was skippered by Captain Richard Phillips. The ship came under
attack by four Somali pirates, who boarded the vessel and threatened
some of the crew with assault weapons. The majority of the ship's crew
hid in the engine room, while Phillips and two others faced the
pirates. After encountering resistance from the remaining crew, the
pirates took Phillips hostage into a lifeboat. Paul Greengrass (United 93, Green Zone) and screenwriter Billy Ray
adapt Phillips' book "A Captain's Duty: Somali Pirates, NAVY SEALS, and
Dangerous Days at Sea" and opt for a straight and conventional
retelling of these events, rather than expanding and deepening any
broader philosophical and sociopolitical goals. The film's subtext,
characters and its thematic purpose feel secondary to the action. It
asks what Greengrass looked to achieve with this footnote of much wider
and global problems. The setup exposes minimal details about the
personal lives of the characters. Tom Hanks plays Phillips, who is
driving with his wife (Catherine Keener) to the airport for this trip.
The city is orderly and functional and they discuss how their children
will have to work hard to be the best at their jobs. This scene is
contrasted with the arid landscape of Somalia, where young men are
stood over by armed thugs and ordered to steal a boat. The
juxtaposition of economic pressures provides the basis of a fascinating
film that never eventuates. The film's production notes state the film
is about the problems of globalisation, the haves and have nots. Yet
sizeable issues, such as the way major vessels are taking Somali
fishing spots, are reduced to singular, passing lines of dialogue. The
film's overlong final standoff scenes would also have had more power if
there were stronger contexts for the pirate characters, rather than
simple archetypes. One of the other major compromises Greengrass makes is his refusal to
divorce the film from conventional Hollywood stylisations to build the
tension. His techniques seem predictable. In the first attack scene,
there are close-up shots of the radar pulse, showing the pirate
speedboats moving in close to the vessel. The film also uses
crosscutting to show the panic on the ship as the crew moves to the
engine room, while the pirates struggle to throw their ladder over the
side of the vessel. Despite one jump moment, I expected the film to be
a lot tenser than it was. The dilution of the tension could be due to
Greengrass' decision to shoot the film in his trademark jittery
hand-held style. While the camera tightens on the faces of the actors,
the erratic movements and constant wobbling are atrocious and serve no
stylistic or thematic purpose. Some of the hide and seek battles
between the crew and the pirates are still interesting, such as when
they realise the pirates aren't wearing shoes and throw glass traps on
the ground or send the lower decks into darkness. It is also a minor
achievement that the film subdues Tom Hanks' recent self-consciousness,
minimising his performance to be more controlled. In a mostly linear
and contained story, without much personal backstory, Phillips isn't a
hugely interesting character and Catherine Keener seems like wasteful
casting, featuring in just a cameo appearance. I preferred the way the recent and superior Danish film A Hijacking
(Kapringen) didn't linger over the danger of men with guns the same way
that Captain Phillips does. It's a smarter film that uses its
crosscutting to forge a battle between professionalism and raw emotion.
The tension is drawn from the way personalities boil over in the
negotiation process. Captain Phillips is meant to be about the cultural
clashes and competitiveness of today's economic climate and the way
that motives clash under the wrong circumstances. While Greengrass
doesn't entirely vilify the pirates, he still keeps them at arm's
length like he did with the terrorists in United 93. This is in spite
of an immersive, believable and intimidating turn by first time actor
Barkhad Abdi as Muse the pirate leader. What is unusual about the
anonymity is that in the film's climax he attempts to make the pirates
seem tragic in the face of the Navy's extremism. These are young fools
but still young fools branding machine guns and putting people in
headlocks. Surely that deserved more time and examination than some of
the endless shots of military hardware in the final quarter. The real
Captain Phillips has said publicly that he never felt sorry for the
pirates either. Additionally, a lawsuit from 2009 is still proceeding,
with the crew suing the shipping company that owns the ship for
ignoring warnings and putting the crew in danger. The film would have
been more satisfying if it were more than its title.
