Not what i was expecting..

The story of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing and the aftermath, which
includes the city-wide manhunt to find the terrorists responsible.
Patriots Day is a film that i was very anticipated of not only because
of the tragedy that it was based on but also the talented cast of Mark
Wahlberg, Michelle Monaghan, Kevin Bacon, J.K Simmons, John Goodman and
Melissa Benoist. But unfortunately the film disappointed me a lot it
went threw the whole Boston Marathon tragedy in just 10 minutes, the
actors that portray the bombers were completely wooden and annoying and
the whole film goes threw every single detail very fast without even
giving us any explanation. Plus Wahlberg's character for some reason
has a knee problem and it really gets on my nerves after a while. The
acting is not something to brag about except 2 good lines by Wahlberg
there's nothing else to it except a ridiculous and dumb shoot out
sequence between the bombers and the police where it felt like i was
watching Rambo III and of course the scene where one of the bombers
tried to kill a police officer from a very close distance and he was
that pathetic that he couldn't even do that. The film isn't 100%
accurate to the story and that's it's problem unlike Lone Survivor
which was amazing in every way Patriots Day does little with it's Cast
and it's Story to actually make you care plus they wasted some time
with some very out of focus characters. Last but not least i was
expecting this movie like crazy because i'm a huge fan of Melissa
Benoist and her role was minimal and miscasted in every shape and form
that you can think, that little video in the end with the actual people
that lived the tragedy was better than the entire film alone and
sometimes i even forgot that some of the actors like Michelle Monaghan
were even in the film. Patriots Day gets a fair and i mean fair 4.8/10
from me just because of that little video in the end.
