Return to formula, in the best sense

Curse of Chucky is better than most horror movies that get a theatrical
run. The staging is rather small, with a small unknown cast and a
limited location, but they make the absolute best of everything they
have. Brad Dourif, the original director, and another important cast
member from parts 4 and 5 appear; and this movie actually seems like a
return to the formula of the original movies, using some of the
surprise and humor of the last two. A woman caring for a disabled
daughter, and living in a lovely Gothic mansion, receives the Chucky
doll anonymously. After being quickly dispatched, the rest of the
family arrives to take over the estate from the daughter. Among them is
a little girl, who adopts the Chucky doll. The parents of the girl seem
to have ulterior motives and a strange relationship with their
babysitter, which is later revealed as a pleasant and humorous twist.
Chucky begins killing off the victims, using the creepy mansion as a
great backdrop. The camera work is great. The suspense is good. There
are some great kills. This movie does not look cheap. Its only VOD
concession seems to be that it sticks to the same location over the
same night, and changes settings only rarely. The last entry seems to
largely avoid parts 4 and 5, although it does not erase them
completely. Often, horror movies that deviate from formula come out
disastrous, but Chucky reinvented itself as a series with Bride and
Seed of. Fans of those movies may be disappointed this doesn't pick
right up where they left off. Still, it's a nice surprise to go back to
the pure cheesy formula horror of the first three movies. The ending,
of course, leaves room for a sequel that could play off the theme of
the movie, and revisit dangling threads from the earlier series. Well
worth renting, streaming, buying.
