Familiar Franchise Fare, but Flashily Ordinary

Rogue Nation delivers set piece action and thrills to satisfy most of
the intended audience, but basically they are rather hackneyed and
fourth rate. They do not make up for the acres of empty space at the
heart of the movie's plot and characterisation. Let alone the script
and direction which are utterly predictable and gone through strictly
by numbers. A just about good enough film that does not try too hard.
After all, predictability is the key to a franchise success, or a
dreadful bore to the uncommitted and unenthusiastic - there really is
only an hour's TV episode material here. True, it carries it all off
with gloss and panache, but then the Chinese backers would want to be
sure on a return for their investment! Tom Cruise (looking older) gives
his all-American, polished, believable performance we come to expect in
his action genre films, while the support cast do their thing like
moving wallpaper. Rebecca Ferguson flaunting her slightly heavy thighs
at almost every opportunity is an interesting choice as the femme
fatale (good or bad?), but Swedish/UK cool does not add a lot to a very
clich√©d role. Sean Harris (unrecognisable) tries to method act the
chief villain and still manages to make no impression. Just like Philip
Seymour Hoffman in an earlier MI, you have to chew a bit of scenery
rather than stay cold at a very great distance! Can we have a
franchise-free (particularly comic-based ones) and Matt Damon not lost
in space year of movies, please, and get back to some straightforward,
effects-free entertainment that Hollywood used to do so well!?
