Theory of Nothing: highly overrated generic tripe

This is 2014's most overrated film of the year. While Eddie Redmayne is
good as Stephen Hawking, it's really just a performance that deceives
the viewer and critic. He looks like Hawking. His hair and clothes look
like Hawking. He does the 'Hawking' smile and weird thinking stare face
and frowns. Yes, he does a believable Hawking. Well done. But it's just
a glorified impersonation. There's no actual great acting or stretch of
a transformation or method or scenes that Redmayne is tested as an
actor nor Hawking's character development. The dialogue and
interactions, aside from using actual Hawking quotes from speeches and
writings, are awful and boring and redundant and derivative. The whole
performance is mild and plain, and the story is weak. The story has
generally been done before. There are no significant scenes or moments
that go above and beyond anything generic, nor anything for Redmayne to
truly bite into to 'perform.' Even the accident and fall portion of the
film is mild and never really becomes that emotional at all. Mostly,
the film fails miserably in exploring Hawking's internal thoughts,
imagination, rituals, and inspirations.It plays like a T.V. movie. And quite frankly i'm tired of these
Hollywood films doing biopics about an ENTIRE life, using montage and
generic moments that aren't specific or significant enough. Biopics
that are focused on a period on a life is more interesting than trying
to do a whole life in two hours. There's no sense of Hawking and his
children in his life. Births are fast-tracked, montage child play and
smiles. The film gives you an impression of just Jane, his wife, being
a vessel for children. There's no sense of Hawkings personal life,
interests, time spent, or anything underpinning the vast ideas he
develops. We see him on a beach or being pushed in a wheelchair by
family as piano plays. The film is devoid of politics or popular
culture and changing times of each decade other than clothes as lazy
indicators, and the exception of pointing out Penthouse a few times as
some recurring wink wink joke to convey Hawking as some sexual guy.
This 'sexualized' Hawking happens throughout the film in various
ways..."so Stephen, do some things still 'work.'" The movie mostly
follows Jane and her torn affair with some choir priest. In fact, Jane
is in more scenes and gets more to act on screen than Stephen Hawking
(and Redmayne for that matter). The story is more focused on tripe
romance and affair rather than Hawking. And even when departing, a
montage is set in again. No emotional development is organic. And,
perhaps, maybe as brilliant as Hawking is and as tragic as his
condition is, maybe he's just a boring guy and not much can be that
interesting in terms of a character on film in scenes other than a guy
sitting in a wheelchair mumbling and smiling and frowning. The film
would've done a better job with Hawking's imagination and space
interpreted in shots, as well as the times he was living in and
absorbing and watching as opposed to generic renderings of his domestic
life (which was still mild and safe compared to the actual reality) and
Jane's struggle and perspective. Everything is furthered by cued
dramatic music and montage and shots of faces occasionally. By trying
to cram in broad strokes in writing the film into a corner with Jane's
story, the theory of everything becomes theory of nothing.
