Dark, twisted journey into the world of immortals

Interview With A Vampire, to me, if thee Vampire film. It defined the
dark, gritty, and completely surreal world of the undead and the
performances and film were legendary. Now many years later Neil Jordan,
who directed that film, comes with another Vampire flick. It had been a
long time since I walked into a theatre, picked a random film that I
knew nothing about, and went straight in to but this was it. I was not
even remotely disappointed. This was a sweepingly dark, depressing,
bleak, gory, vampire movie. It is a bit of an art-house film in many
ways with the style and lower budget but Jordan creates a riveting and
disturbing small seaside town where these immortal girls fight for
their survival. I felt like the film dragged just a little bit in some
ways but then this type of indie film often does feel that way. During
scenes of intense violence it absolutely takes you aback because the
tone of the film is so dreary (and I mean that in a good way) but when
there is a sudden splash of red blood and splattering kills it shocks
you in the right ways. This is the best vampire drama I have seen in a
very long time. It takes itself seriously and is believable and never
campy.Saoirse Ronan is a brilliant actress. She made The Host watchable, she
was brilliant in Hanna, and I think before long she has an Oscar
performance in her. She is perfect in this film. She has this
incredibly intense quality that works so well in this character. She
shows such sadness and depth to a character that is supposed to be
centuries old. Gemma Arterton is solid in her character playing the
wild and uncontrollable Clara. Her and Ronan are stunning together and
while I didn't feel like Arterton's character was quite as good as
Ronan's, it is the perfect balance and fascinating nonetheless. Caleb
Landry Jones gives a subtle, moving performance as the boy who finds
himself fascinated with Ronan's character. Jones is terrific and one to
watch in this film. Their awkward chemistry together is perfect for the
tone of the film. Daniel Mays deserves mention as the shy and awkward
Noel. He sort of gets outperformed by others in the film but he still
does a good job.Why see Byzantium? Well that's easy. Joss Whedon's Angel, Interview
With A Vampire and Let Me In/Let The Right One In all combined together
give you a feel of what to expect from this. Now that's not to say that
this movie is as good as any of those because they all did it first to
much larger degree and just slightly better. I can't pinpoint exactly
why Byzantium didn't floor me but perhaps it was just a few clumsy
scenes or the ending that neat little bowed a story that is anything
but neat and tidy. Regardless, it was still a great film with some very
good performances and a drama that Twilight should hide itself from
because it towers over vampire crap like that. This is obviously not a
big Hollywood release but if you get the chance it will certainly
satisfy horror and fantasy fans!! 8/10
