Waste of time

Lots of people will say i'm full of BS but i can honestly say, Tim
Burton picked up the book said....i don't like any of this and
completely rewrote it. Instead of making Emma the flamethrower she is,
he makes Olive? a timid little girl who hides behind an apparently
teenage Enoch (when in the book hes a preteen hardly). She is a strong
female lead who kicks ass and intimidates Jacob when she catches him.
That's right, she hunts HIM down and holds a knife to his throat;
bringing him in under the pretenses that he is a Hollow and is trying
to kill them. He has to present the letter he found in his grandfathers
belongings to prove he is who he is. He completely rewrites the
beginning, middle and end. Though some of the elements were the same,
he decided to make this movie suitable for children..which it should
not have been. Hate me if you must but I'm calling it as i see it. I
walked out...literally seething in the Colorado snow falling winter
unaffected. He changed the ages, took out good characters, did no
character developments of the fact Emma and Abe were serious lover's
and Emma was INCONSOLABLE when she finds out Abe is dead. I seriously
cannot believe people liked this movie. And the fact Burton had to use
a sell out like Jackson to play Barron is disgraceful. The fact he
butchered this movie so horribly makes me in shock people actually
liked it. Did anybody actually read the book? I've compared the antics
of this book to the genius of J.K Rowling. Ransom Riggs really sold out
for a little dough. This books twists and turns were so amazing i
couldn't put it down. I finished it on a 16-hour flight to Japan and
couldn't wait to pick up the second installment. It's sad that we can't
even have a good adaptation to a genius book. He changes almost
EVERYTHING, no character development, nothing about the fact Jacob
absolutely hates his life and finds going to Wales as a way to get away
from his terrible neglectful parents. What was with the fact he cared
about his job? Or that instead of Ricky taking him to his grandfathers,
his boss does? What they couldn't find another teenage boy to play the
part? HIS BOSS HATES HIM AND THE ONLY REASON HE WORKS THERE IS BECAUSE
HIS PARENTS OWN THE BUSINESS!!! They even used a different nickname for
what his grandfather calls Jacob. There were literally PHOTOS in the
book giving an illustration of what the characters looked like. Why did
Emma wear a blue dress instead of a white one? I don't understand. He
didn't stick to the book at all...expectation was not the same as
reality. Instead we got a sell-out for actors and CGI effects, and
in-turn received a Disney- like, happy-ending, package of crap.
