Status quo Burton

With the relatively recent injection of animated movies that cater to
both parents and kids, I see no reason to offer films that are strictly
for a child mentality WHEN the director has consistently offered-up
projects that were clearly targeted for both. In this instance, Tim
Burton has focused on, whether intentional or not, a strictly
children's fare. I say this because only a child would find this film
even remotely entertaining. IMO, it fails on nearly all fronts: from
story line, to voice-over talent, to pacing, music ( even bland by
Elfman's standards, which is saying something), and dynamics. Martin
Landeau gives the only interesting voice over performance. The story is
on the weak side as it fails to ever elevate in suspense or conflict. I
never got the real connection between the boy and his dog. When the dog
dies, the parents are seemingly despondent, not offering any concerns
or care the next day. The attic of the house is about twice as tall as
the main floor. We see our protagonist spend as much time digging up
his dead pet and bringing it back home as he does to create the
experiment to bring it back alive. The film looks like a cross between
Edward Scissor hands and Ed Wood. Burton steals ideas from his other
films and his MO(primarily his art-direction) is getting as tired as M.
Night Shyamalan's. The only thing that made me react in a positive was
the poodle being shocked into looking like the poodle version of the
Bride of Frankenstein. Of course, there were some things taken from the
original classic, Frankenstein, and that was to be expected; there was
a semi-cute take on the laboratory, the villagers outcry, and mirrored
characters ( like the Burgermiester, and more subtle Van Helsing
exemplified by Ryder's VO ) We are led to believe that Victor is a
genius, by conceiving/creating ( seemingly in only a couple of hours)
this elaborate lab to pursue his experiment, but all of the other kids
get the same result as him by simply hooking up charger cables and
supplying electricity. It seem details like that were abandoned on
purpose, but they need not be in a full length film, especially when so
much detail was given in so many other visual ways. Burton has
obviously mastered this format of animation and its a real pleasure to
look at ( the only reason I gave it 4 stars) But this film conjures up
no depth, is terribly paced, and is boringly bland. IMO, Tim's best
works have been Beetlejuice, Nightmare Before Christmas, and Ed Wood.
All of them are different, yet subtly the same but that is his biggest
problem, hiding the subtlety. I cant help but feel he lacks the ability
to step back and take a look at the bigger picture ( no pun intended)
to see the inappropriate commonality between most of his work: Same
production team, same actors, same composer, same look! I hope he is
not so arrogant or insecure to assume they all should be the same. If
you ever want to change Tim, contact me to compose music, it would be a
small start, and I'd do it for free.
