Excrement

Another garbage man-boy comedy about an adult in his thirties who
finally decides to grow up (to get a girl, naturally). He's got two
friends who have seemingly already grown up but, of course, we'll see
they really haven't. You can check off most of the expected clichés
that you find in these movies, particularly the ones that Seth Rogen is
involved in. There's the couple expecting a baby and, of course,
there's nothing remotely happy about that. Because in these things
parents and those about to become parents just hate their kids and are
filled with resentment and loathing towards them because they're
nothing but burdens that keep the parents from partying it up and
having "fun." There's also an inordinate amount of time spent on the
tired joke of the guy who doesn't normally do drugs suddenly doing a
lot of drugs. It's sad that Mr. Rogen and his comedy writing buddies
seem to think we still live in the 1970s. This isn't some moral issue
for me, railing against drug depictions in films or something. It's
just so passé at this point. Does anybody still find it provocative,
let alone funny? Some fresh material is all I'm asking for. Anyway, the
movie also peddles in more recent (but equally tired) clichés, such as
the fascination recent comedies have with showing penises for cheap
laughs. Oh, and the cast has no chemistry. I did not buy for one second
that these three men would be friends. It's just such a POS movie. I'm
going to give it a 3 for Michael Shannon's small part but I wouldn't
recommend anyone watching it.
