It feels like the fifth film in a franchise struggling to maintain it's relevancy, not like the follow-up to what was perhaps the most promising new property in Hollywood.

It's essentially all a big joke played on those who took umbrage at the
few select sexualised moments from the final act of the first film, a
joke whereby everything is consistently ramped up to eleven regardless
of its negative impact on the story in a standoffish move meant to
further separate the apparent 'critics' from the so-called 'fans', a
move that only successfully provides both categories with a much worse
experience, because while I and many other 'fans' didn't mind (or at
least excused) the passive, clearly satirical crude jests and
occasional absurdity of the original picture, we certainly didn't want
a follow-up based entirely around what would obviously be considered
the weakest aspects of the piece - elements which were only mitigated
by the joyous fun found in the brilliance of the other parts such as
the subtle yet witty satire and the very well developed characters,
pieces of the puzzle now missing; though it is at times passively
entertaining, what we're left with is a fairly by-the-numbers
'save-the-world' plot and a string of odd action set- pieces seemingly
incompetently put together, with abhorrent use of rampant speed-
ramping making it literally look like someone hit the fast-forward
button and haphazardly stitched-together short takes that are supposed
to make some sequences look like one fluid shot but instead make them
look like cheap cartoons - in his quest to ignore the naysayers, Vaughn
disappointingly squanders all of the good-will he had built with his
predecessor and bizarrely wipes the slate clean relatively early on,
wasting time setting up a less interesting new set of characters
instead of working with the better characters already expertly
established at the end of the prior title, while also reintroducing a
previously dead character (seen in the trailers), after making him an
amnesiac no less, in a move that should be reserved only for a waning
franchise at least five films in that's struggling to maintain it's
relevancy, not for what was once perhaps the most promising new
property in Hollywood. 6/10
