Utterly contemptible

This film has no plot. I wouldn't have an issue with this if instead
they had filled most of the two hours with scenes of Godzilla
destroying things and killing people. However, the monster himself
receives a pathetic amount of screen time, only appearing halfway
through the film after the plot has already focused its attention on
two giant bugs. They are unimaginatively designed, have no basis in
Japanese mythology like the titular monster, and their only purpose
seems to be to diminish the impressiveness of Godzilla. The character
development in this film is non-existent. Every character, from the
wise but ignored token Japanese bloke, to the soldier's wife whose sole
purpose is to wait at home to comfort him, is a dull Hollywood clich√©.
Unlike the viewers, the film believes its characters are fascinating
enough to merit the laughably corny near-death and family- reunion
scenes towards the end. Instead, the audience is left laughing in
bemusement at the overly sincere expressions on the protagonist's face
as he threatens a giant monster with a handgun. Whenever Godzilla and
the insects finally begin to fight, before anything happens there's an
instant cut to yet another tedious shot of US soldiers shouting about
nothing in particular. The film's sole purpose is to showcase the might
of America's armed forces and ability to survive under a crisis; and it
doesn't even do that well, given that the navy can't even tell when
Godzilla is swimming directly under their ships. Of course, setting the
story in Godzilla's homeland of Japan would not interest American
viewers, so the monster decides to swim across the Pacific Ocean in
order to wreak havoc. No doubt Godzilla will receive acclaim from
morons due to its high-tech but utterly unimaginative animation
techniques. However, this film's cutting-edge CGI does not justify its
lack of plot, excitement and meaningful characters.
