90 minutes of seeing someone getting kicked in the groin

I think I'll put as much thought into this review as the writers did
for this movie. Will Ferrell is the dorky step-dad. Really nice but uh
oh the kids don't like him. Girl kid says random mean things and has
advanced vocabulary for her age and is articulate when convenient.
Starting to connect with boy kid but not quite there! Uh oh their real
dad is coming home. He is super cool Mark Wahlberg! His hair is slicked
back. Can you guess what he drives? A motorcycle! Not a stupid Ford
Flex (Hahaha cute self-aware product placement!). Will Ferrell is kind
of a wet-blanket and Mark Wahlberg sweet talks himself into staying
with the family. Who can tuck the kids in better? Marky Mark of course!
He's so cool! Can Will Ferrell drive that motorbike? He can try! Ooops
he drove through the house and got stuck in the wall. Don't worry Marky
Mark has his shirt off and will punch you out. You're such a dork
compared to him! Now they hired someone to fix the house but Marky Mark
makes Will question his masculinity! Send him away! Uh oh he's black!
Now you feel racist and it's Hannibal Buress so obviously he will call
you out on it, silly! Don't you feel dumb! Don't worry, cue the montage
of you being a cool dad helping the kids in sports and after school
activities. The audience can see you're the unsung hero cool dad Will!
Oh no, you cam home and Marky Mark built a tree-house and a half-pipe
with Hannibal! Now he's living at your place now too! He's so kooky as
well, always commenting on family issues when he shouldn't! Oh
Hannibal, you big goofball! Will is now going to prove he can
skateboard and be cool! He probably won't hurt himself. Oh he died. Yes
he literally dies and Marky Mark brings him back in a "hilarious'
sequence where he tells all the kids to stay calm before calling 9- 11.
This movie is so fun and unpredictable. How will it end? Read on!
Earlier we find out for no reason Will is sterile but it wasn't for no
reason because Marky Mark says she does want a kid! Now they go to the
clinic and the doctor thinks Marky Mark is the best, his penis is huge
and he has the record for the most sperm and his balls are perfect.
Will has weird balls and then he goes to jack it and the curtains fall
down and a whole office birthday party sees his sad presumably small
dinky. Oh you can't catch a break! Blah blah blah he has early
Christmas and tries to make himself look better to the kids. He gets
Lakers tickets for the family but Marky Mark comes too and then he
knows the Lakers trainer (Of course) and then they get court-side seats
without Will. He mad and randomly yells at the kids and mom gets mad. I
almost forgot there's a mom because her character barely has any
purpose other than decide on which wonderful man to fight for. I think
she has a job because at one point she was wearing heels but who can be
sure. Those type of things would just get in the way of the comedy!
Who's Bechdel and why are they giving me tests? Anyways, Will gets
drunk at the NBA game but he wins the half-court throw because why not.
Oh hey Paul Scheer, you're in a movie that you would probably mock on
your podcast. Will so drunky he throws the ball at a cheerleader's
face. Ooops!!! He wants another throw. He hits a child in a
wheelchair?!! He can't catch a break at all! This goofy movie! And he
is kicked out of the house. We're almost done, I think. Marky Mark is
gonna be super awesome dad and win his wife back because she is a prize
to be won, okay. Oh no he gets annoyed about waiting in line with his
new car, to pick up the kids. He drives off!!! Now Will is with Thomas
Hayden Church who has Colonel Saunders facial hair because why not.
He's probably the funniest character in this garbage anyway so I'll
give him a pass. Now Hannibal shows up to tell Will that Marky is
skipping town. What next? Will goes and gets Marky Mark and they go to
the daughter's dance thing or whatever together. On his motorbike
together because funnier, okay? Now the bully thing with his son gets
tied up here that I forgot to mention earlier because it's dumb and
just adds to Will being a doormat and loser character because it's just
the way to do comedy! Looks like the bully is a girl! Twist! And the
dad is Bill Burr. Is Marky Mark gonna fight him? Almost! Will suggests
dance off instead! Let's undercut everything and just have a dance off!
This is superb! Hilarious! Does the wife take him back? Do you have any
doubt? Course she does. Now Marky Mark has a literal castle next door
because he got so rich because of his job as the jazz radio voice at
the station that Will worked at that I forgot to mention earlier
because it was also stupid, I mean clever and there's so many clever
things packed in here that I miss some. Well the jazz station makes a
lot of money because reasons and they can pay him millions and millions
it's a great gag don't worry about it. And he has a Ford Flex, Will was
right it's great. And now he has a new wife who has a kid already. And
they had a dad. Looks like shoe is on the other foot! Who could it be?
John Cena! Duh! So perfect! Can't wait for the sequel.
