Like A Meal Without Wine

Firstly, Christian Bale, like Sean Penn cannot really put a foot wrong
in my book, having said that, I was disappointed with his character,
far too much focus on mood shots and little on character development.
Unlike other reviewers, a slow burn when cast correctly is a joy to
watch and for the first hour I thought we had another 'Deerhunters',
'Nil By Mouth', 'Mystic River' & 'North Country' gritty realism of real
life, not some $1M bonus farce created by selling hedged funds that 99%
of people cannot relate to. However, cracks appeared quickly in how
fast Bale was jailed, how quick his woman left him and how little their
relationship mattered to the plot. I want to care for the characters
and Saldana got zero screen time to care for her, so much so that when
she announced her 'big' news, who really cared? Sam Shepherd was
woefully underused and in my honest opinion, I felt sorry for the
talent not utilized, again showing no respect to the role or character,
he may as well have not been there. Whitaker was OK, but again, lack of
promotion of the character, why would Saldana choose him over Bale? why
would she not visit prison? Prison time was a joke and may as well not
have been there. Affleck, whose voice irritates, really stepped up as
did Willem Dafoe, who I am really enjoying of late in his roles and
finally Woody Harrelson was on fire in this role. What you have here is
a film that concentrates its focus in the wrong areas, relying far too
much on a good cast list to carry it through and considering it is
nearly 2 hours long seems rushed at the end. I still recommend this
film simply as watching Bale & Harrelson is like watching Tiger Woods
or Ronaldo.....even if they have a bad day, they are worth the entrance
fee alone.
