Like climbing the famed mountain, watching "Everest" is a harrowing, but rewarding experience.

"I want to see Everest". Could you be a bit more specific? Assuming
that you're not talking about making a trip to Nepal, there are still
many ways to interpret your request besides seeing the 2015 docudrama.
The world's tallest mountain is the center of the story in a 1998
documentary, a 2007 TV mini-series, a 2014-2015 TV series and another
film project still in development. All of these treatments are simply
titled, "Everest". More to the point, 2015's "Everest" (PG-13, 2:01)
re-tells the specific story from the '98 doc and a 1997 TV movie ("Into
Thin Air: Death on Everest"), but tells it more vividly than ever
before.The '97, '98 and 2015 films all take us along for doomed expeditions up
the tallest peak in the Himalayas in May 1996, as told in at least five
books by survivors, most famously in journalist Jon Krakauer's 1997
best-seller "Into Thin Air", which is the primary basis for the
screenplay of 2015's "Everest". As the film tells us early on, by the
late 1980s, climbing Everest had transitioned from the domain of
adventurers like George Mallory and Edmund Hillary with minimal
equipment to a tourist destination for thrill-seekers with little
climbing experience, but enough money to buy state-of-the-art
equipment, stay in established base camps, and hire local Sherpas as
guides and, in some cases, to carry the climber's gear and cook meals.
But as the films about the 1996 climbs (and subsequent major
avalanches) have shown, no amount of money, gear, help or even
experience can insulate anyone from the dangers inherent in this climb.
"The last word," as one character in the 2015 film says, "always
belongs to the mountain." "Everest" follows two of the expeditions
which suffered tragic losses on the mountain on May 10-11, 1996. Rival
expedition leaders Rob Hall (Jason Clarke), of the company Adventure
Consultants, and Scott Fischer (Jake Gyllenhaal), of Mountain Madness,
decide to work together due to the large number of people trying to
reach the peak on May 10th. The main focus of the story is Hall's team,
which includes people with a wide range of personal backgrounds. Hall
is an experienced New Zealand mountaineer who has already climbed to
the top of Everest four times, including once with his wife, Jan (Keira
Knightley), who has stayed in New Zealand this time due to her
pregnancy. Doug Hansen (John Hawkes) is a mailman who attempted Everest
once before and wants to reach the summit as a way of inspiring
schoolchildren back home in Washington state. Yasuko Namba is a
47-year-old Japanese woman who has already climbed the other six of the
famed Seven Summits and wants to become the oldest woman to reach the
top of Everest. Beck Weathers (Josh Brolin) is an adventurous Texan who
is also pursuing the goal of the Seven Summits, but has lied to his
wife, Peach (Robin Wright), about his current trip to Everest. Jon
Krakauer is a writer for "Outside" magazine, but has never been on a
climb above 8000m. Several of the people portrayed in this film died on
Everest and others barely escaped with their lives."Everest" is much more than a high-altitude adventure movie or disaster
flick. Besides learning about the personal backgrounds of the
characters, we follow them on their entire adventure, from beginning to
end, learning a good bit about mountain climbing along the way. One of
the first things we learn is that, to these people, summit is a verb.
Hall lays out the dangers of summiting Everest in his briefing to his
team before they even set foot on the mountain. "Human beings are not
designed to function at the cruising altitude of a 747. Your bodies
will be literally dying," he says. This group understands all that, but
they've put their trust in the honest, personable and level-headed
Hall. And they've paid him a lot of money ($65,000 each) to get them to
the top of Everest  and safely back down. At base camp, Hall and his
friend and colleague, Helen Wilton (Emily Watson), and their fellow
Adventure Consultants employees, teach, coach and take care of their
customers, including Hall taking them on some practice climbs. In spite
of the danger and discomfort that everyone experiences even going only
partially up the mountain, they're all looking forward to the real
thing. They know they'll be cold, exhausted and scared, while having
trouble breathing and facing the unpredictability of the mountain, but
they didn't come this far to quit. Their experiences turn out much
worse than anything any of them could have imagined."Everest" is a fascinating and gripping adventure. Like other movies
about mountain climbing, this one fails to give a satisfactory reason
for why these people risk their lives for little more than a great view
and bragging rights, but it's clear that there are a variety of
justifications within the group. The script depicts this climb as an
extremely risky venture, but allows us to marvel at the courage,
determination and, in some cases, self-sacrifice of these people. The
character development (thanks to a great script and a terrific cast) is
outstanding and the cinematography is as impressive as you'd expect
(especially in IMAX 3-D). The suffering of the climbers (even when
things are going according to plan), the thrilling moments (when
circumstances throw the plan into chaos), the heartbreak and the small
victories along the way all make us feel like we're right there on that
mountain. The hardships and the tragedies of this expedition are
sometimes shot and edited oddly, but are never exploitive. Icelandic
director Baltasar Kormákur brings us an engaging, eye-opening and
beautiful film that most are likely to appreciate. "A-"
