Holloywood needs to quit remaking classics and start something fresh

When I heard that they were remaking the movie Ghostbusters with female
cast members, I admit that I was actually looking forward to it,
specially considering the four particular actresses they had chosen for
the part. I understood that movie remakes are typically the greatest,
but considering the fact that 3 out of the four cast members are
currently or were once members of SNL, I had some hope. Unfortunately,
Wigg's comedic talent wasn't able to shine with her boring character
with a lack of personality, McKinnon's character was just upright
stupid and unrealistic, Jones's character was just a black stereotype,
and McCarthy's role lacked character as well. Many of the jokes just
fell flat (Steve Higgins small role and joke with the middle finger,
the won tons, Kevin's (aka. Chris Hemsworth's) logo scene, the thing
with the hair dye at the end, and so on). Also, the had many references
to the original ghost busters throughout the film, and yet I suppose
the setting takes place in a universe where the original squad had
never existed, it's like a slap to the face to the original cast. Sure
they had Bill Murry and few other actors for the older version show up
in a few small parts, but they play such tiny roles, and as different
characters..And what's the deal with remaking older movies with female actresses or
poc as the main characters. Don't get me wrong, there's nothing wrong
with Hollywood wanting a bit of diversity in their work, but they're
doing it all wrong. While this movie has good intentions when trying to
cast female members, I guess either to have more representation for
younger girls to look up to or show that women are equal to men or
whatever, but when they try to do with a remake of a movie that was
already amazing, it only makes matters worse. This movie will be
forgotten within a few years from now, unlike the 1988 version, which
most people had at least heard of reguardless of age before this one.
On second thought, this movie isn't trying to create diversity, they're
doing this for profit. They know that with the adults and their
nostalgia these days, and with the younger now being obsessed with the
classics due to them being conditioned to think that everything from
their own generation sucks (which is clearly saying a lot about the
older generation ironically, they're the ones whom produce our movies,
not us), they can get some quick and lazy bucks by bringing back a film
that should've been left alone in the first place instead of thinking
up of a new script and story (that of which could also have female
and/or poc leading characters), because they know people are more drawn
to things that they are familiar with (as was I obviously). Whatever,
I'm so done with remakes. There are many movies out there in today's
time (yeah they exist) with original plot lines that are currently or
were recently successful in the last year or so, so why watch a
crappier version of a movie you've already seen before?
