I joined IMDb just to write this review

Someone else also used this summary and gave a glowing positive review
so it just goes to show that two people can see the same movie and
experience completely different emotions. Having read several pages of
IMDb reviews I can see that I am in a massive minority of those who
have posted .But as with everything in life.. that doesn't make the
majority right and the minority wrong ....I mean look at Trump ...oh
sorry he lost the popular vote as well so even the "majority " was
wrong ... Anyway this movie is complete drivel and one of the worst of
the last decade . I deeply resent the waste of expenditure on two movie
tickets and the two hours torn from my life . The script must have been
less than 4 pages of A4 if the directions were left out as there was
almost no communication worthy of the name and no subtlety in character
development whatsoever . The "plot" is ludicrous so that would be OK if
it was supposed to be a farce or a fantasy but I fear it was intended
to be neither of those two genres . And of course I should have
anticipated that to be the case in view of the Director's puerile
previous work .I somehow thought he might have grown up . Towards the
end a car containing one of the villains Buddy , John Hamm ,who has
already been shot, is pushed through a barrier in a multistorey car
park and falls at least 4 stories to the ground outside landing on its
roof .Less than a minute later Buddy ..completely uninjured by this
catastrophic incident ..has emerged from the car and somehow regained
the fourth floor to attack the sort of hero "Baby" . So I suppose I am
the idiot for believing that excitement ,thrills ,tension needs some
element of credibility. With literally dozens slaughtered by gunshot
and farcical car stunt chases ...yawn yawn ..oh surely the movie goer
cannot get a thrill from such action...?..seen it all before a hundred
times ..boring boring . The only remaining content of the movie was the
music : good but anyone can phone up to license the use of the
creativity and skill of real artists so it doesn't exactly count as
some sort of creative worth and a nice performance from Ansel Elgort as
Baby. Every other major actor played an "I am only doing this for the
money" wooden caricature .If you are assessing this movie before going
please don't waste your money and time .
