The coolest action film you'll see all year

At first glance, John Wick sounds like a terrible film on paper but
with the slickness of Keanu Reeves' performance as the titular
character and the sheer brilliance in its action sequences, this marks
the best action film of the year and one of the absolute best in the
past decade. Following a brutal home invasion that leaves his beloved
dog murdered by thugs from his past, John Wick vows revenge on the ones
who have taken what he loves most. Like I said, on paper, this seems
like a direct-to-DVD slopfest starring John Cena but as a film with
Keanu Reeves as the lead, it marks the very welcomed return for Reeves
to the genre. John Wick is insanely fun, violently brutal and an
overall romp especially for those disappointed by The Expendables 3.
John Wick is propelled by Tarantino-esque dialog mixed with the swagger
of action stars from the 70s. Reeves literally emulates cool in this
film and does it with such confidence, that we don't even doubt the
character...even when he kills countless bad guys with extreme force in
some utterly ridiculous and implausible situations. We don't doubt it
for a minute. This is EXACTLY what you want out of an action film. It
is briskly paced, brilliantly shot and meticulously choreographed and
keeps you wanting more and more. The supporting cast filled with the
likes of John Legiuzamo, Ian McShane, and Willen Dafoe also keeps this
film very interesting. These guys don't play good guys, hell, John Wick
by traditional standards would be a bad guy in any other film. Every
character is more ruthless than the next and pushes John Wick to be
more ruthless than they are, creating a very cool dynamic between the
character and the plot regarding the idea of how far is too far?
However, don't expect some revelation from John Wick regarding the
morality of bad and evil. This film wants you entertained and does so
with brute force, it never lets up, not even for a second. One scene in
particular that will have your blood pumping is a showdown between
thugs and Wick in a nightclub. This action sequence remains the best in
the film and will have you grasping your theater seat because of the
sheer intensity of it. Overall, John Wick is slick, violent fun that
turns into a remarkable, surprising film that will catch you off guard.
It is THAT good. I highly recommend this film to action buffs
especially but I'm sure those who just like a good movie will love it
as well.
