Tepid, Overrated Oeuvre

**Big SPOILER ALERT** Was looking forward to this film, but had to
watch in agony from its beginning as a Pepsi commercial to its ending
as a Coca Cola commercial. Shocking that this pallid film is being
feted for something it is not. Emma Stone, someone who is hard to watch
in long extreme closeups throughout the film and Ryan Gosling exhibit
no charisma or charm. Their dancing tries to be cute and romantic but
is clumsy. The music is dirge-like and not uplifting. The producers
should have used more professional musical performers, ones who can
inspire when they sing and/or dance. Gosling talks about jazz
throughout the film, but we hardly hear any good jazz, especially not
the jazz greats he talks about. So how are we to know what is the great
jazz that inspired him? His friend says "Jazz is the future." But in
reality it's the present, being created as it's played. All of a
sudden, Stone, the aspiring actress who shows no acting talent
whatsoever, decides to become a playwright without showing any ability
or work, except for having an apartment covered with photos of classic
movie stars. The banal dialogue, superficial characters and overly long
scenes are embarrassments. Stone comes into her old coffee shop and
asks for two iced coffees. Immediately a guy standing there puts down a
tray with two iced coffees in front of her. Glaring continuity problem
there. Throughout the film in almost every scene there is nary a person
who is over thirty. The casting people never cared to hire people who
reflected the real world, fantasy or not. If the music had been tuneful
and clever, the film would be somewhat better. As it is it is dull. he
characters exist in a vacuum with no backstory. Only interesting aspect
to this film is some of the recognizable Hollywood locations, but
locations do not a film make. If anyone still watches the
self-aggrandizing Academy Awards, it will be cringe-worthy if this film
wins any awards except for production manager or art director. It's a
sad state of affairs that this film is considered in high esteem. That
accolade belongs to "Singin' in the Rain," "The Band Wagon," "Gigi,"
"Oklahoma,""South Pacific," "Top Hat,""Wizard of Oz," and films by
Astaire, Kelly, Powell, Miller, Charisse, Garland, Crosby, Sinatra,
Grable, Keel, and all the great stars who truly were musical comedy
class acts. Their talents made even B films a joy to watch.
