It's a meandering pointless story full of horror clich√©s.

While Sinister does offer enough scares I found it to be a lack luster
affair. When I was going to see this film I didn't know what to expect.
When I was watching it I have to admit that it put my nerves on edge.
Unfortunately, it doesn't do this in any innovative way. Sinister
relies too much on jump scares, and consists of Ethan Hawke as Ellison
Oswalt interacting with things like a laptop and a supernatural
projector. There are supporting characters but they're often nothing
more than plot devices. At one point Vincent D'Onofrio pops in as
Professor Jonas only via iChat to provide more info about the baddie.
One has to give Hawke some credit because he does deliver a good
performance as a frightened family man, but it's just silly when the
demon Bughuul (a.k.a. Mr. Boogie) looks like a member of a heavy metal
band. In the end we still get to know almost nothing about this Pagan
deity and he has very little screen time. It's clear that Sinister was
heavily influenced by the Japanese horror genre and Paranormal Activity
(2007). It features a silly conspiracy involving Super 8 footage,
several children and the demon baddie. Because the film aims so much to
shock you with a minimal plot you have to watch scenes which make no
sense. Director Scott Derrickson made it a thing to show doors being
closed and the projector being turned on again and again. It seems that
some moviegoers consider Sinister a good horror film because it gave
them a difficult time. Unfortunately, when you're done watching it and
look back on it you can't help but notice the unexplained and the
silliness. The film should have been more serious. As a horror flick
it's passable but I don't recommend watching it.
