Friendship and true values are the background: simply wonderful!

Hey, wait a minute there! How come no one has had the idea of bringing
the fantasy universe of video games into the big screen? I do not
remember anyone having done this before ... ah ... except, of course,
by TRON. Coincidence or not, also produced by Disney. Many people do
not know, but Disney was a pioneer in computer graphics in the film
industry. And now, under the general direction of John Lasseter (Pixar
former), Disney keeps the tradition on creating some of the most
magical moments in animated films or even in films regarded as
traditional. "Tron Legacy" was an example of this latest kind. Perhaps
a misunderstood work , is one of those unforgettable movies , in every
aspect, especially for those who like CG, games, great music, a
dazzling visual and an engaging story. Another recent product, this
time already connecting x Disney Pixar was "John Carter." Directed by
excellent Andrew Stanton , this film was also misunderstood by the
general public. Unfortunately, it was poorly worked by Disney marketing
people and the general public did not understand the overall proposal.
Well .. Now we have "Wreck-it Ralph." I must confess ... I cried while
watching this movie. That's right! So even as I cried in "Up!" or
"Wall-e". These works come from different teams, but all have the same
background: poetry. The look of this film is stunning. Colors, details,
the overall creativity... are all very touching. The references to the
world of video games are priceless! And what about that cute little
girl? Well, I would like to summarize this movie as "magic". It belongs
to that realm of fantasy and delight of magic, that kind of magic that
makes you leave the theater with a light spirit, and happy and relaxed.
A bit like Toy Story 3, "Wreck-it Ralph" is about the recognition of
each individual's position in the universe and, of course, about
friendship. I recommend this movie. At least for those who still insist
on dreaming on and on.
