A movie you want to like, but it stabs you in the back with a chef knife

I wanted to enjoy this film and have it live up to its hype, but I
couldn't. I thought I might be watching a homage to food like
"Sideways" was to wine, but the last minute was written like like
Favreau was running out of ink or paper for his script. It starts out
fine, but after the Chef is fired/quits/takes the night off after the
bad review, he goes home and preps all this great food. I thought he
intended to invite the critic to eat this food, but instead he goes
back to the restaurant without the food and screeches at him at the top
of his lungs. Wha? Then, I get the buddy/father/son road trip across
country in the food truck. I'm thinking "Sideways"...then they get to
LA and the last minutes of the movie derail this movie completely: the
critic loves the food truck food a little too much & offers Chef a job
at his restaurant. Wait a second: the owner of the first restaurant
promised Chef total food control too & later changed their deal so Chef
would cook only what the owner wanted. So, I thought the food truck was
about having sole control again. Nope: chef decides to accept the deal
and enter into another deal working for somebody else, just like how he
started at the first restaurant. That makes no sense. The food truck
vanishes in an instant to be replaced by the restaurant and we see the
chef married to his ex-wife for only the sole reason that she
inadvertently blurted out she loved her ex a couple minutes earlier in
the film. Wait, what? This could have been a 10 movie, if only Favreau
had focused on what the premise of the movie was supposed to be: a chef
in love with cooking standing on his own two feet and succeeding.
Instead, I'm left with the impression that this movie was more a
statement about the good/evil of using social media (mainly Twitter).
Maybe the movie should have been called "Cyberbully"?
