awful and sick

If you're having a good day and you want to ruin it , just go see this
movie. If you're having a bad day and you want to feel worse, go see
it.Let's be serious the movie is pretty disturbing and sick to say the
least. I am not talking about the love between the 3 main characters,
that is not my concern. They love each other and live peacefully, so
far it is OK. But to make a point and to try to be such a great work of
art this movie desperately tries to shock. The sex scenes start from
the beginning of the movie and then you have the sick violent scenes.
If you are the psycho type who enjoys watching people die, being
tortured, pain, vivid images of people being shot, a whole through
someone;s head as the guy gets shot, OK, then you will enjoy the movie.
But if you are a normal sane person with no pro violence attitude, boy
you're in for a "great" time. I felt like throwing up several times.
spoiler The scene where they torture one of the cartel guys is
horrible. He is being whipped until his eye comes out and they actually
show that, this movie really raised my blood pressure and made my heart
hurt. But then again, I should have known from the first 10 minutes
when you see some heads that were recently chopped off their bodies...
A good action movie can be made without being extremely visual and
disturbing... Unless the target of the movie is psychopaths and serial
killers, in that case they have to show such stuff to make their day...
Sarcasm aside, I would def not recommend this movie to anyone and def.
don;t take your kids with you... A total waste of time, full of plot
holes and pretty bad acting too... The only one who deserves some
credit is Benicio del Toro, he plays his role very well because you
truly hate him throughout the movie.
