Absolutely Dreadful and Painfully Unfunny

Where can I even bloody begin with this travesty of a film, this was
absolutely dreadful to sit through. I get it's trying to be self- aware
but being self-aware isn't going to make your movie good. Seriously, I
was expecting something awful coming into this, but I must say I vastly
underestimated this abortion of a film, if you could even call it that.For starters, the casting director should be fired. They hired
absolutely abysmal actors such as: discount Margot Robbie as the female
lead, creepy Asian girl from pitch perfect as herself, shirtless
discount Justin Trudeau, Bella Thorne (please Hollywood, stop giving
this awful actress work), some weird black kid that makes monkey noises
or something? I don't even know, and a mediocre-at-best child lead...
Oh right and you know that annoying guy from vine? The one that
basically sexually assaulted women? Yeah that one, he's in this
convoluted AIDS smoothie too. Oh you thought that was bad? Just wait,
on to the story. So the story begins with our protagonist, Cole getting a vaccination
shot for school chopped in between some painfully unfunny attempts at
humor. Don't worry the whole film is just as painfully unfunny as the
opening scene. Immediately after we meet the neighbor's dad who's the
most appalling attempt at humor I've ever seen. After that, it goes on
to a scene of him getting bullied by two fat kids and the kid that
makes monkey noises and dances terribly. They talk about penises for a
bit and then monkey boy gets antagonized or something and pushes Cole.
Discount Margot Robbie walks in and saves the day and then the movie
crams more exposition and terrible dialogue down are throats. Oh yeah,
she's that babysitter the title eludes to. Also just a side note, the
movie cover showed her holding bread and jam... there wasn't an ounce
of bread and jam in this entire film. After this the parents leave Cole
with the babysitter so they can go have a half-assed hand job sesh in a
hotel (not even joking, that happens) Not Margot Robbie then gives Cole
some dosed alcohol but he doesn't drink it because he's 12. After that
he goes to bed for a bit until he doesn't and goes and peeks through
some stairs. Woho surprise the babysitter has friends over and she's
making out with Bella Thorne for some reason, then they kill a guy that
looks oddly like Moose from Step Up 2 mixed with Napoleon Dynamite,
because they're in a satanic cult that says if they kill him and mix
his blood with the blood of an innocent (just ignore the fact that if
it went according to plan and he drank the alcohol he wouldn't be
innocent anymore) they'd get 3 wishes or something? I don't even know.
Anyway Cole sees this and is like "oh wow I'm 12 gotta blast" so he
grabs a Swiss army knife. He then hears them coming up the steps so he
gets back in bed and pretends to be asleep even though they're going to
kill him. Whoa nope never mind they were just gonna syringe him in the
arm. After that occurs they leave. Or so we thought. No we didn't, no
one thought that. He tries to tie his bed sheets together to escape but
to his dismay Margot Robbie's in his room because she hid behind the
door somehow. Anywho, oh no, it turns out there was sleep liquid in the
syringe! He wakes up in his living room tied to a chair next to the
average living room mirror that every human being totally has. The cult
kids interrogate him, then some cops come because, oh right, he called
911 when he was upstairs with the babysitter still in his room...
somehow. Yeah, so cops do some things and the cult throws a fire poker
through one of their eyes and Bella Thorne gets shot in the boob. Then
she complains about being shot in the boob because "now no one's going
to want to suck on my nipples" and King Bach tells her that's quite the
latter. Oh right the other cop died. Cole runs up the stairs instead of
out the front door that's wide open and right next to him and falls out
of his bedroom window. Then he's being chased by the goons and crawls
in a tarantula-ridden crawlspace that the average upper-middle class
American has and hides under a tarp. Oh I forgot to mention there's
tarantulas underneath his house even though he lives in Los Angeles.
Anyway the Asian girl from pitch perfect, crawls underneath and finds
him but he shoots her with a rocket and then shuffles past her while
she falls in mouse traps and sets her ablaze. After that debacle he
meets up with discount Justin Trudeau and kicks him in the crotch. Oh
wait, no he didn't because "his d**k is big" (actual quote from the
movie) They climb a tree house and Trudeau hangs himself. Then Cole
runs to the neighbor's house and forgets how locks on doors work...
twice. The babysitter chases them with a shotgun for a while. Then max
escapes for a while and starts screaming because he wants to save the
neighbor girl because she kissed him once. Whoa Bella Thorne's still
alive! They talk about boobs and journalism, she tries to kill him
again until she gets shot by not Margot Robbie. From there Cole burns
her book, steals the neighbor's car and drives it through the house and
kills her. Anyways, that happens and then finally law enforcement and
neighbors come. The end. Yeah, that was the story. Pretty great eh? No. Jesus Christ on a
bicycle this was awful. The acting was atrocious, the cinematography
and editing was actually pretty good, the directing and writing was
awful. I can't stress this enough, do not watch this horrible cash-
grab of a film.
