A long and tedious bore feast

Love, as it is titled, should be called Bored Whiny Man Child. This
dirge clocks in at a whopping 2 hours and 15 minutes. I had to stop,
walk away for a while and then return to watch this sniffling character
act out his hypocrisy in such myopic detail. The relationship between
the two principal characters is like oil and water. The only thing they
share is a voracious appetite for sex, lots and lots of sex. The add a
third person into the mix who winds up getting pregnant by the guy
which leads to the main couple breaking up. Since they all were in a
ménage à trois, that shouldn't have been an issue but it was. The
female leaves him and we spend the rest of the film exploring his
memories of her and him having more sex. They participate in orgies and
he gets mad because she's having sex with other guys. He can had fun
but she can't. If your life is nothing but the sex, why should that
matter especially if he can participate and she can't? And there lies
the quagmire with this presentation. This guy is totally immature. You
become bored with him and with him having sex. Closeups of him with his
exploding orgasms weren't shocking, innovative, wanted or move the
picture along. After a while, you just want this story to just wrap up.
You wonder what is the point? There is nothing redeeming about it. The
other female character who has had his child is completely ignored. She
is just another prop instead of exploring that dynamic of how they are
dealing with a child together. Instead, we find his character crying in
the bathtub with the toddler. And you have to ask yourself once again,
the time he and his old girlfriend were together appears to be at least
three years because you have to factor in the time the girl was
pregnant and then you jump in time to see a toddler at least two years
old. So why did his old girlfriend/s mother call him about her and why
did he just started thinking about someone who hasn't been in his life
for a long time? The writing was just poor. This guy was suppose to be
some aspiring filmmaker. He is neither aspiring or making films and
filming your naked girlfriend on a small video camera doesn't qualify
you one bit. That aspect of the character was totally ignored as well.
This was just bad. If you want to see if because of the unsimulated sex
scenes, I would advise just watch some 5 minute porn clip and avoid
this colossus time waster.
