Six-Feet-Under-Ground-Hog Day

Happy Death Day comes from Blumhouse Productions, the studio made
famous for the resurgence of horror in theaters (Get Out, The Purge,
Insidious). However, this is the lightest of light thrills. Sure, it
would fit in the slasher movie bin, but with its bubble gum aesthetics
and goofy comedy, it's really more Freaky Friday than Friday the 13th.
And in that sense, it's mildly charmingÂ…if not bright enough to be
great. For starters, the premise is pretty stupid, and the execution of
that premise isn't much better. A brash and awful sorority girl is
forced to relive the same birthday over and over, each one ending in
her own murder by a masked killer. Imagine Groundhog Day or Edge of
Tomorrow, but in the teen-screams genre and with a lot less complexity.
In fact, most of its "originality" just comes in its blanket theft from
other properties and throwing them all together: the youth world of
Mean Girls; the comedy of "Scream Queens"; the protagonist from "The
Good Place"; the scares from The Purge. It's not bad, just familiar,
like we're reliving this recognizable movie just as the character
relives her day. Once our girl starts trying to solve the
whodunit-mystery, things get more assured and fun, as we find it easier
to root for her and her insistence on not dying each day ad infinitum.
Even though the deaths and scares are wanting, the other elements work,
especially the humor and (gasp!) the heart. It's harmless and
forgettable October fare, made more for people who hate horror than me.
In other words, my wife will love it.
