Bonkers

I left the cinema speechless; i normally try to critique and discuss
the film straight after, but i was speechless. It was the craziest film
i have seen in a long time. It takes boundaries and tells them to f***
off. There are no restrictions with this film. There is brutality,
sexism, racism, oppression, homophobia. It is polluted with prejudice.
But i thought it was a great film. Am i part of those worldly problems?
No. But let's face it, this is unfortunately the way the world is and
all this film is doing is showing you just how filthy this world can
be. James McAvoy is a revelation as Detective Bruce Robertson; i really
didn't see all the fuss with him. Yes he was good in "The Last King of
Scotland", but the rest of the films i just couldn't match the hype to
the actor, then i went to see "Trance" and i was blown away by his
performance. And if it weren't for seeing that i probably wouldn't have
been half as eager to see this. Because he showed the ability to
portray more than one character in a film; someone who is both fragile
and unstable. With "Filth" he excels beyond that and gives his best
showing of his young career. He conveys every emotion, from bitterness,
to regret, to sadness, to rage, to insanity and he conveys them
extremely convincingly. It is a masterclass of acting. Some may be easily offended, and if you are usually like that, i would
avoid seeing the film. But if you want to face the World and its
obvious problems head on (in the form of a film) then it is an
outstanding film to do so.
