A very rare beast - an excellent cannibal movie

For her debut feature film, writer and director Julia Ducournau opted
for the particularly taboo subject matter of cannibalism. It's a bold
and admirable move, as if there's anything that gets audiences members
up in arms and storming out of a movie theatre, it's the sight of a
non-zombie human being chowing down on another of their kind. Making
its way onto movie screens after a successful festival run, Raw arrives
with both critical acclaim and a sense of notoriety, having apparently
rendering festival-goers faint and puking in the aisles, to the point
where the paramedics were called. As it usually the case with movies
that have generated similar controversy, Raw really isn't that
gruesome, and is in fact very careful and patient when delivering those
squirm-in-your-seat moments.The incredibly bright but socially awkward Justine (Garance Marillier)
has been mollycoddled by her parents from a young age and raised a
strict vegetarian. We meet her on her first day at veterinary school,
following the same path as her parents before her, and that of her
older sister Alexia (Ella Rumpf), who still attends. As she settles
down for a quiet read at night, the dorm is invaded by older pupils who
don balaclavas and proceed to trash the place, forcing Justine and her
gay roommate Adrien (Rabah Nait Outfella), along with her fellow
freshmen, into submissive behaviour before introducing them to a crazy
rave. The rituals don't stop there, and the new starters must also
spend a day drenched in animal blood and eat raw rabbit kidney. Of
course, the eating of meat goes against Justine's beliefs, but she
gobbles the kidney down after some guidance from her sister. This first
taste of the forbidden seems to awaken something inside of the
teenager, and she is soon covered in a nasty body rash and craving raw
flesh.Anyone reading the synopsis will likely assume this to be a story of a
twisted college campus turning its pupils into blood-drinking monsters,
but this is not the case. While the school is rather weird in its
inauguration traditions, this is a far more personal story of sibling
rivalry and sexual awakening. It could be labelled a feminist piece,
but I believe its themes will be familiar to both sexes. Why these
themes play out within a story of cannibalism, I don't quite know, but
they provide the opportunity for some memorable set-pieces that reach
Cronenbergian levels of body horror repulsiveness. The instinctive,
almost absent-minded suck on the end of a severed finger will leave you
open-mouthed, but Ducournau films the scene with such gravitas that it
doesn't just disgust, but also represents the emergence of something
primal and confusing within its protagonist. Marillier's youthful
beauty and timid curiosity brings life to the character, and the
actress puts herself through many difficult scenes that would have most
actors turning their nose up at. Visceral and quite unforgettable, Raw
is a very rare beast - an excellent cannibal movie.
