Cloyingly annoying. Pretentious high-brow crap w/ wasted talent.

From the first scene I knew this movie was going to bugggg me. But as
an avid movie goer and fan of many of its stars I decided to stay
stayed. The ONLY reason I'm glad I stayed is out of duty to my fellow
movie going friends, who like me HATE movies where children speak with
ridiculously stilted, staged, and fake adult dialogue. Yes, I get it
that this movie is stylized but the dialogue and the way these kids
speak is so unbelievable and annoying that it completely takes you out
of the moment. And the story itself is completely mediocre - fellow
movie goers - the emperor has NO CLOTHES. Really. It's even worse than
Darjeeling Express. In that one at least there was hope that it could
get better. Here's an analogy for what I thought it was like to sit
through this film. Say you can't stand eggplant. And you get invited to
someone's house to dinner. You've heard from other friends that the
host is an excellent cook. So you look forward to this dinner. You
arrive, you sit down at the dinner table and the first course arrives.
It's an eggplant appetizer. You eat it because you're a good guest. As
you're chewing you realize that every other course that will follow
will be an eggplant dish. Eggplant soup, eggplant parmesan, eggplant
salad, and eggplant ice-cream. There's NO WAY getting around it. One of
the worst meals of all time. Plus, the memory of how awful the meal was
lingers for a longgggg time. Yuck.
