Huge Treat to Fans of the Series

When Nica (Fiona Dourif) and her mother Sarah (Chantal Quesnelle)
receive a package containing a doll named Chucky (voiced by Brad
Dourif), they immediately think there is a mistake. After Chucky's
arrival, Nica's mother is later found dead. Thinking it was a suicide,
Nica's sister Barb (Danielle Bisutti), Barb's husband Ian (Brennan
Elliot), their daughter Alice (Summer H. Howell), and Alice's nanny
Jill (Maitland McConnell) come to her aid and for the funeral. Nica
gives Chucky to Alice as a gift. However, as the night progresses,
mysterious things begin to happen, and Nica thinks Chucky is behind it.
In a race against time, Nica tries to piece together the mystery of
Chucky and save her family. Chucky is back, and he's ready to bring
things full circle.The fifth sequel in the Child's Play series comes to us Straight to
DVD. Though the production value clearly shows it should have been a
theatrical release. It also directed by the director of the previous
films Don Mancini. Curse of Chucky takes a break from the constant
humor of Chucky and brings him back to being more menacing and
frightening. Without giving too much away, the script for Curse of
Chucky really does bring things full circle for the series. Brad Dourif
as always delivers his voice talents for Chucky. Dourif real life
daughter, plays the lead Nica, and I must say she gives quite the
performance in this, especially in the final act. Apart from the Dourif
family, the rest of the acting, while not bad, wasn't exactly
impressive. It has some very nice-looking kills, but some of the kills
in the previous entries were a bit more superior. What really makes
Curse one of the better sequels in the series is the final act, as well
as the ending, AND the post-credits scene, all of which will surely
excite fans of the series. I would definitely say that Curse of Chucky
is my favorite in the series after Bride of Chucky, and is definitely a
gift to true fans of the films.My rating: 8/10
