Well made and well staged, but also pretty flat...movie almost lacks the wonderful energy of the book!

I loved the book enormously when i read it a couple years back. I shot
through it in two days and just thought it was a fantastic read with an
incredibly high energy feel to it. (Its almost like the reading
equivalent of several cups of coffee) The film by contrast doesn't have
any of that specific wired high energy feel to it, in fact i thought
the film kind of saps some of the energy from the story by trying to
place it all in the context of a story that has to have a beginning,
middle, and end. I get that any adaptation of this was going to have to
do some reconfiguring just because any movie is going to need to have a
story with a clear through line for people who aren't familiar with the
book to understand and that's OK, but at the same time it kind of takes
away some of the amazing strength of the book. In fact it kind of
reminded me of the Robert Redford 70's version of "the Great Gatsby" in
that while faithfully recreating the scenes from the book, they kind of
forgot to infuse the film with the lively energy that their source
material had in spades! Enough about that tho because as a film "On The
Road" is solidly enjoyable enough and pretty well made as a film that
its hard not to like it in general. I did in fact watch virtually the
entire movie with a huge smile on my face because i enjoyed in no small
measure the staging of certain scenes from the book, as well as
catching certain lines that i remembered vividly from the book but not
until hearing them spoken in the film did i think about how great it
was that the screenwriter and director thought to include them.The film itself to me even gets better in retrospect because at first i
didn't particularly like either Sam Rielley or Garret Hedlund as Sal or
Dean. Thought they were both entirely miscast, but in truth as the film
went on it was a lot easier to accept them as the characters if only
because i think i had such a specific type in mind for both
characters--Sal should have been less grizzled, more naive...and Dean
should have been way more manic and charming instead of the fairly low
key but very affable man. (i feel like maybe James Franco would've been
a good choice for this cause he can definitely do both manic and
depressed.) Even that i understand that you can't overdo Dean Moriarty
because then you run the risk of going too far and having him not be
believable as someone who could easily charm this entire group of
people, but again as the film goes on, and the scenes go by--it becomes
a lot easier to accept the two actors as Sal and Dean. I feel like
that's actually true of the film as a whole too. It kind of starts out
with a whole i don't know about this kind of vibe and it quickly wins
you over because of the confident way the scenes from the book are put
across. I really do feel like Walter Salles properly caught the spirit
and underlying sadness of the book but didn't quite capture the mad
passionate high energy level that makes the book such an intoxicating
read. While that initially came to me as disappointment i got to admit
that the film (much like the book its based on) grew on me as i was
watching it, and if the film can't be exactly like the book, its at
least a fair to solid enough interpretation of the book's characters
and events that i can gladly accept and enjoy it on its own merits.
(The fact that its also beautifully filmed and has a great accompanying
soundtrack help enormously!)
