A movie that qualifies as strong meat a.k.a. be ready to digest a lot of reality and face the true face of a world unknown to people living in a happy bubble.

This movie undid something inside of me. It's that part of you that
holds on to hope that people can be good, that there is hope for
humanity. I knew the basics of it when I went to watch it: that it is
about investigative reporters looking into a story of abuse in the
catholic church. And it uncovered so much more than just that.
Honestly, this movie should be seen by anyone who seeks the true face
of the world. We don't live in a pink bubble of happiness. F*cked up
things happen to people all the time; worst thing is when it happens to
the innocent. The little ones who can't protect themselves. When they
are robbed of their faith and their hope and their future. Sitting in
the film theatre on the last row, I was brought to tears as in front of
me a long list of places where victims spoke out was scrolling. I was
both shocked and mad. I felt sorry that people can fail so miserably.
"Mike Rezendes: They knew and they let it happen! It could've been you,
it could've been me, it could've been any of us." Indeed. When we
witness darkness and we shut up and we don't do anything about it,
that's when we fail. A poet once wrote, "You can join the millions
talking in the dark. Or you can stand up and scream light, out into the
night." So choose to stand up. In your profession choose to eradicate
the oblivion of evil. This movie is a masterpiece. From the dedication
of the actors to their roles, to the script, the director and the
cinematography. The score? Fantastic. Howard Shore did it again!
