An great story hampered by bioflick clich√©s

Luke Evans stars as William Moulton Marston, a professor of psychology
at Harvard (and the inventor of an early version of the lie detector),
who's theory of human emotions revolves around dominance and happiness
being derived from submitting to a benign loving authority figure. His
theories are acted out in his personal life when he slips into an open
three-way marriage with his wife (Rebecca Hall), his research
colleague, and their research assistant (and his student) Bella
Heathcote. They set up a three-way household with children from both
unions, and eventually discover fetish bondage. Marston is fired from
Harvard for his indiscretions, and ends up going into the comic book
business, inventing Wonder Woman as an expression of his theories and
injecting elements of both women into the character. This movie tells a
fascinating story, so it would have been nice if it had done it in a
better way. It falls into many of the standard biopic traps, hitting
the audience over the head with painfully obvious symbolism, using a
wrap-around story that contributes nothing to the main story, and
taking egregious narrative short cuts to get from points A to B many
times. All that aside, the films general thesis is that Wonder Woman
was a character intended to express liberation (sexual, social and
political) for women, and this was an expression of his lifestyle. The
film doesn't successfully show that his lifestyle is actually an
expression of these ideals as opposed to just an expression of his
personal sexual kinks. It's fine if that's all it was, but not fine for
the point the film wants to make.
