To quote the main character: It's messy."

This story was written by someone who does not comprehend even the
basics of time travel problems and paradoxes. It is a mystery why this
chaos received so high grades. The plot in short: mafia from the future
sends their assassination targets into the present to be disposed of;
in the present there are killers, so called loopers (organized by a
sadist from the future) who await their targets and kill them. Before
or later, the looper receives a mission to kill his future self. Some
of them fail to do so. And then the chase begins. First of all, the
premise is pretty stupid, to use such advanced technology for such
mundane goal. In the movie they have explained, that in the future it
is impossible to get rid of someone without being tracked. It is, as it
seems, far easier to build a time machine then to avoid tracking
technology from a collapsed society. Then we have a pretty horrifying
(and illogical) scene of punishment for a failed looper. His present
self is mutilated and his future self loses his limbs one by one. This
is wrong, all his wounds have been inflicted in the past so they would
appear all at once in the future. And it is unresolved if his present
self has been killed or will they keep him alive for the next few
decades without his limbs, until he is sent into the present. Then we
have our hero", Joe who escapes his captors in the future, escapes his
present looper-self and begins his search for a mysterious future mafia
boss, the elusive Rainmaker", who in the future has killed his wife.
Then begins a Terminator-rip-off". Terminator-Joe from the future does
not have exact information about Rainmaker, only his date of birth and
he manages to narrow his search to only three kids he will have to
kill. He eliminates two targets and of course, his past self protects
the real Rainmaker, the fact that it HAS TO BE KNOWN to his future self
even before his trip to the past, because it is past, no matter when
the audience has find out this. Then the Terminator-Joe eliminates his
entire (ex-)gang and there is a showdown between him, his present-self
and the Rainmaker-Kid. The situation is resolved when the present Joe
kills himself and the Terminator-Joe disappears. Which would set in
motion time traveling paradox: Terminator Joe does not exist so he cant
be sent into the past and all his actions would be reversed. But no,
all his actions in the movie remain. The Rainmaker-kid survives and he
will grow up not to be mafia boss but exemplary member of future
society. The end. Oh, and this Rainmaker-kid has a Carrie-like
telekinetic abilities, which has nothing to do with a plot and is
complete superficial. As for the pacing of the movie, it is horrible.
We begin with a bang (literary), then a movie comes to a halt and we
have an hour or so pure boredom (or character development"). Then we
have a final shoot out. All in all a very bad experience, caused by a
fanboy-hype. If you want to see Bruce Willis travel through time, watch
12 Monkeys", a far superior movie in every sense.
