Sooo disappointed...

I was really looking forward to see this movie, and had a feeling it
was going to be just as good, or even better than some of the other
movies in this genre that has been released lately. I loved Man of
Steel, for example. The Wolverine starts off with some really boring
sequences, but as a Wolverine/X-Men fan I really thought that soon I
was going sit on the edge of my seat. The aggressive Wolverine is about
to cut open some hillbilly bear hunters, because they have wounded a
bear with a toxic dart. OK, I think, stupid reason to fight, but hey,
let's just have fun and watch this piles of dirt get what they deserve
from a real superhero! But a female ninja enters the bar, cuts a chair
in half, slice the bottom of a beer-bottle with a magnificent sword,
and ends it all before something happens for us to see.. So much for
the action for the first half of the film. A viper-woman then drains
Wolverine for his powers. When he gets his healing powers back(by
pulling his own heart out - this is BTW a cool scene!!), he is
beaten/sliced to pieces by a normal man who has trained karate! If he
didn't have his healing power he would be dead by now. Really
disappointing to see one of my favorite superheroes, the Wolverine, who
stands up to Hulk in the cartoons, be sliced to pieces by a 50 year old
man. So much for fighting skills and super strength..... Involved in
this film is a great ninja clan. They forgot to rehearse hiding, so the
main ninja unluckily sits on top of the roof where everyone can see
him. Well, well. Ninjas can do a lot of other stuff. The movie is just
a dull love story for much part. Really boring and stupid. In the final
battle the villain in the form of a robot with a man inside(who is not
tall enough to see over the robots neck), kick Wolverines ass. Luckily
the lead ninja hits the robot with an arrow in the eye, and we can
finish this movie off with some really stupid lines, before Wolverine
takes off, leaving his woman behind.This was such a bad movie that for the first time in my life I was
considering leaving the theater. I regret that I didn't...
