I must have missed something

Reading the majority of reviews regarding this film, and fully trusting
the 7.4 IMDb user rating I went to the movies and watched this film.
This is a decision I'll regret for the rest of my life. I found this
film to be incredibly dull and pointless. Its plot is far from original
and I left the room feeling as though these were 108 minutes of my life
I'll never get back. Too many plot-holes to mention, way too many slow
parts. I guess that the only things that lead me to give it a 2/10
instead of a 1/10 were the photography of the film and Scarlet's
performance. I am extremely confused and amazed by the generally
positive reaction to this piece of nonsense.SPOILERS: The whole plot revolved around an alien creature inside a
human skin (Scarlet Johansson) who went around Scotland in a van
picking up lonesome males with a promise for intercourse. Those who
were willing to follow her/it home had the luck of seeing her almost
naked, only to realize the floor was liquid. They would then drown and
somehow stay alive and aware, until their entire insides were removed,
leaving only the skin. Scarlet's character was, god know why, pushed
around by a mysterious motorcycle man. No other details about who was
this man or what he was doing were given. In the end the alien is
almost raped by a lumberjack in the middle of nowhere, during which
her/its skin is peeled off. In horror the lumberjack sets fire to the
alien which leads to her/its demise.
