An expertly crafted film with fantastic performances

The Drop is a dark, brooding crime film starring Tom Hardy and the late
James Gandolfini. Directed by MikaÃ«l Roskam, this film focuses on Bob,
a low level shy bartender at Cousin Marv's. The bar is a "drop bar" in
which the mob's money gets laundered there. While this does sound like
the story to The Drop, it isn't. The film is much more a character
study first about Bob and his back story. What this film does
beautifully is show the progression of the story strictly through
casual dialog, explaining why Bob is the way he is. Our first clue to
Bob's back story is a subtle hint as he attends church and does not
accept the communion offering. A recurring theme throughout the film is
the idea of how a sin can weigh your conscious down. Some of this is
heavy handed and others are very subtle and mostly through something as
small as a glare from Tom Hardy or a sigh from James Gandolfini. Quite
frankly, without these amazing performances from everyone across the
board, this film would more than likely sink after the first 30
minutes. The entire cast from Tom Hardy, James Gandolfini, Noomi
Repace, Matthias Schoenaerts, John Ortiz, they are all in top form
here. There is not one hollow or fake performance, they are all pitch
perfect and really pull together to mend the story and progress it very
well. The real stand out is Tom Hardy though, who continuously keeps
turning in really well, thoughtful and master class performances, The
Drop is no exception. Gandolfini also gives a fitting final performance
here and knocks it out of the park. Watching him on the screen is
rather haunting in a bittersweet way. Roskam seems to rely heavily on
letting his actors work without every manipulating a scene with high
tech camera work or any camera movement at all. This is a straight
forward film filled with actual characters that feel alive and feel
vulnerable and at any moment their life could end in this world that
Roskam creates. This isn't the hipster Brooklyn that Brooklyn has
seemingly become lately, this is Roskam's Brooklyn and its a cold land
without any glorification. The screenplay by Dennis Lehane is top
notch, establishing plot points by sprinkling them across the entire
film before finally concluding in a twisted but necessarily dark ending
that ties everything together. While this does work for the most part,
it does feel a bit muddled in second act as if the story is in some
sort of limbo, but it quickly gets back on track in no time. The film
does have its lighter moments within dialog and scenes with Rocco the
pitbull puppy, but for the most part this a really dark film with an
equally gritty scenery. Overall, The Drop is a tense and gritty crime
film with an amazing cast that doesn't miss a beat. I highly recommend
it.
