Atomic Charlize Theron as Jane Bond

Now this was good and refreshing. Not your standard kick-ass action
flick. This had such a cool style, cast and atmosphere that it totally
worked on every level. And that soundtrack. Oh that soundtrack. This
must be the most perfect and fitting soundtrack in a long, long time.
It added so much to the whole end of the 80s atmosphere and the film
perfectly reflected the Berlin Lifestyle of that time. I loved that
this was basically a "James Bond-esque" story mixed with so many
different elements. Charlize Theron was a perfect Jane Bond so to say.
Perfectly cast and she seemingly had a lot of fun playing that role.
Sexy, cool and full of adrenaline. But she did not forget to show us
the inner world of her character Lorraine. That combination truly is
atomic. James McAvoy was also good and well cast. Like Theron he had a
lot of fun playing that crazy and unpredictable character. Very similar
to his turn in "Filth". Loved Toby Jones and especially John Goodman
and very decent supporting turns. I was also positively surprised by
Sofia Boutella who gave us more than just a sexy object of desire. Good
job as well. Oh and Eddie Marsan really had some good moments. Great
direction by David Leitch. There were several action sequences that
were so well executed that you really felt like you are in the middle
of the scene. Fantastic. It is a film that deserves to become a cult
favourite and hopefully will be followed up with several sequels as I
really want to see more of Lorraine Broughton's missions in the late
80s, early 90s.
