Funniest Disney film ever

When I first watched trailers for this movie, I was completely
surprised that Disney was making something like this. I personally
thought this would be something Pixar would make instead. I also
wondered how much money Disney would have to give video game companies
like Nintendo to use Bowser in their film. I thought I would like it,
but it wouldn't crack my top 10 Disney films. I was wrong. I went to
see this movie, and I was blown away. This film taught a very good
lesson: To be yourself, and to think of others. Ralph is a villain in
an arcade game, and he wants to be a good guy, and respected by others,
thus starting his journey through other games trying to earn a medal to
do so. At the end (spoilers here) he actually remains the villain, but
people respect him more, since he helped a little girl in a racing game
rise again to glory. He stays as a villain, but isn't treated like the
garbage he once lived in since he showed he can be a hero, and a nice
guy. He learns to be himself, and people will respect him. The others
realized it, and learned from their mistake. That is powerful. But the
thing I like most about the film is the comedy. I've seen funny Disney
films, like Aladdin, Great Mouse Detective, and The Emperor's New
Groove, but when it comes to comedy, this film takes the cake. "You
wouldn't hit a guy with glasses, would you?" *Ralph takes off the
King's glasses and hits him with them* You hit me with glasses. Well
played." Hilarious. The people in the theater were constantly laughing
throughout the entire film, as was I. Personally, my only problem with
the film is one thing with the villain. Not the villain as a whole,
just one part. He's the king of a racing game, and he deletes the file
and memory of Penelope, the ACTUAL ruler of the place, so he can be
king and she wouldn't interfere. That part is genius, but here's one
thing I don't like about him. Apparently, he was actually a virus in
another racing game, but they don't explain that until the end of the
film. They don't explain that he deleted her file and memory until the
end too. You only know that for about 10 minutes of the film (or
something like that) until the king is defeated, so this was really
forced. However, it is actually a good cause, because one thing I like
about the villain is how subtle he is. There's one part (you don't know
the king deleted her file yet) where he explains to Ralph why she can't
race, and the fact that she is now a glitch makes her unavailable to
leave that game, and if someone played it, they would think the game is
busted, thus the plug gets pulled and she would die. He makes you feel
that he's actually a good guy, and cares for her. I like that a lot.
Anyway, outside of my one problem with the villain, this film was
excellent. One of the best of the year, and I plan on seeing it again.
