That Awkward Movie

The ad campaign for TAM gives the impression that it will be, at the
very least, a fun romp, but don't be fooled. TAM asks us to sympathize
for and laugh with the most deplorable and chauvinistic of characters,
like the obnoxious guys in high school who thought they were funny but
weren't. Every "joke" is about poop or sex, which can be funny. Here,
however, they are so poorly delivered and juvenile it's hard to tell if
they were even meant as jokes or just as statements of misguided
philosophy. We follow three best friends who decide to call off real
relationships in lieu of hooking up with as many women as possible.
This tired story and accompanying dialogue are not only uninspired,
inauthentic, and stupid, but make no tonal sense here. The drastic
jumps from bad sex comedy to melodrama are so clumsy it's hard to know
whether to blame the editing, the directing, or the script. Such a
shame considering of the waste of young talent. Sure, Teller presents
moments of charm, but no one is really given anything of quality to
work with. There are a few laughs, but for the most part I couldn't
help feeling like I was watching a soon-to-be canceled sitcom. The
writers seemed more interested in writing bad one-liners than creating
originality or emotional connection between characters. Even my wife,
who normally loves anything classified as "romance" and/or "comedy",
resorted to playing Candy Crush for the last half. If you're looking
for a funny bro-mance, go see Anchorman 2. SKIP THIS!
