Blinded by stupidity

I was so stoked to see this movie. All the horror websites I visit all
said it was awesome, can't miss it, must see, best
horror/suspense/thriller in years. Well I'll give them credit, it was
suspenseful. But not because of the acting, or the plot, or the
setting. It was suspenseful because you never knew what stupid thing
the main characters were going to do next. I was on the edge of my seat
waiting to see the next mistake. This movie was a joke. I have never
been so disappointed with a movie I was so excited to see. After the
girl escaped the house and was pinned in the car by Cujo, you knew the
Blind Man was going to get her again. I was amazed at how much trouble
these three people had with an old blind man. It doesn't matter that it
was in his environment. Who cares. It was an old blind man for gods
sake. Once he killed the first guy all bets are off. You attack him.
You find something heavy, wait around a corner, set him up by making a
little noise and BAM!!! hit him in the head. Get what u came for, and
leave. They made this guy seem like Daredevil and Rambo rolled into
one, with a little bit of The People Under The Stairs thrown in there.
I understand movies are not real life, they are stories. But this movie
was about something that could happen. This could be a real life
scenario. But there were just too many stupid moments to take it
seriously. You knew this was all make believe. You knew it was fake,
just a story, just another movie. It was just a movie, and not a very
good one. If you want to get frustrated while watching something, then
this is the movie for you. If that doesn't sound like your idea of a
good time, to me it doesn't, I recommend skipping this flick. You're
not missing anything, unlike if you watch it, because then you'll miss
about 90 minutes of your life.
