Woody's Sharply Rendered Update of "Streetcar" Anchored by Blanchett's Brilliant Blanche-Like Turn

If you want to see this year's master class in screen acting, you need
to watch Cate Blanchett's mesmerizing performance as Jasmine French, a
delusional Park Avenue socialite wife in Woody Allen's 45th directorial
effort, a sly, bicoastal update of Tennessee Williams' classic "A
Streetcar Named Desire". As the film opens, her impeccably dressed
character has hit rock bottom after her financial wizard of a husband
is arrested and her assets are liquidated. In the throes of a nervous
breakdown, she arrives in San Francisco and moves in with her kind-
hearted sister Ginger who lives a modest, blue-collar life in a tiny
apartment on the edge of the Mission  on South Van Ness near 14th
Street to be exact - with her two hyperactive sons. You can tell
Jasmine is not only out of her element but quite judgmental about how
her sister's life has turned out. The irony of Jasmine's patronizing
attitude is that she is a habitual liar who is so angry about her
destitute circumstances that she frequently talks to herself. The story
follows the basic outline of "Streetcar" but takes some interesting
turns, for instance, when she tries to better herself by taking
computer classes while working as a receptionist at a dental office.Allen has crafted his film into a clever juxtaposition of current and
past events that feels jarring at first since it reflects Jasmine's
precarious mental state but then melds into a dramatic arc which
resonates far more than a straightforward chronology could have
allowed. As a writer, he has become more vociferous in his dialogue
without losing his wit. He doesn't pull punches when he showcases
confrontations between his characters, whether it's between the two
sisters, men and women, or people from different classes. Hostility can
come in flammable torrents or in thinly veiled remarks. That Allen
moves so dexterously in tone is a testament to his sharp ability in
drawing out the truth in his actors. Blanchett is a wonder in this
regard because there is something intensely fearless in her approach.
Unafraid to lose audience sympathy for her character, she finds an
innate sadness in Jasmine that makes us want to know what happens to
her next. She also mines the sharp, class- based humor in Jasmine's
struggles with one highlight a hilariously executed scene in a pizza
restaurant where she explains to her confused nephews to "Tip big,
boys".The rest of the cast manage effective turns. Alec Baldwin plays
Jasmine's swindler husband with almost effortless aplomb. Sally Hawkins
brings a wonderful looseness to Ginger, Stella to Blanchett's Blanche,
and finds a level of poignancy in her character's constant
victimization at the hands of her sister as well as her brutish,
blue-collar boyfriend Chili, played with comic fierceness by Bobby
Cannavale in the Stanley Kowalski role. In a conveniently conceived
role, Peter Sarsgaard gets uncharacteristically breezy as Dwight, a
wealthy, erudite, and matrimonially available State Department diplomat
who appears to be the answer to Jasmine's prayers, while Allen casts
two unlikely comics in about-face roles  Andrew Dice Clay as Ginger's
defeated ex-husband Augie and Louis C.K. as Al, an amorous suitor who
brings Ginger a few moments of romantic salvation. Allen's European
sojourn appears to have freed him up with the movement of characters in
scenes and Javier Aguirresarobe's ("Vicky Cristina Barcelona")
camera-work complies nicely. The San Francisco locations bring a nice
geographic change to Allen's storytelling, and he only uses the Golden
Gate Bridge in a long shot once from the Marin side. This is Allen's
best work in quite a while, and Blanchett is the ideal muse for his
tale.
