8
Friends and rivals?

I had high expectations for this picture due to two main reasons.
First: I really loved the first Webb's vision on Spider-Man. Second:
Many people told me good about it-- albeit some others said the
contrary. Anyways, I feel very sincere to say that it almost
corresponded to my hopes. The first hour of this film is extremely
entertaining, containing lots of action, drama and even humor, each one
in its own way. The scene in which our hero takes the pants off of a
criminal is really unexpected, reason why I instantly laughed. The
relationship between Peter Parker and Harry Osborn is just as great as
I could've expected. They play that classic game in which initially
they seem to like each other, but, in some other times, they feel like
enemies. Acting from Emma Stone is GREAT, like in the previous
installment. Director has so much faith in her that basically all the
emotive sentences come from her character-- which in fact touched me,
mainly if considering I'm about to graduate. Besides, I feel very
satisfied that a Spider-Man movie FINALLY decided to explain the issue
involving Peter's parents; I mean, for those-- like me-- who have never
read the cartoons, their situation was an absolute abyss. Also, I
enjoyed the joke involving "Jaws" and I had a spontaneous laugh in that
scene. Photography directing and special effects are beautifully
AWESOME. Other than that, I kind of agree with those who complained
about the plot, since it felt rushed for some moments, but it doesn't
the spoil the movie's overall qualities. "The Amazing Spider-Man 2",
even if not as great as the previous version, obviously, is a movie
that I respect and recommend to anyone who enjoys this superhero.
Thumbs up!
