2
Truly a Bust..., and a disgrace to the "Rocky" series.

First of all, I like to start out that the acting was pretty good,
especially Sylvester Stallone, who is of course: "Rocky". The big
problem with this movie is that it was written and directed by some one
other than Sylvester Stallone. In all the Rocky movies Stallone was the
writer, and besides the first Rocky and The fifth Rocky, Stallone was
also the director. What my point is, is that this random dude, that
both Wrote and directed this movie, made the movie "Creed", with his
own style and junk that has never been in any of the 'Rocky" movies,
and the story was very poorly written, as well as the whole flow to it.
I really hated the sensuality in it, as well as the reasons why Adonis
Creed became a full time boxer. The movie "Rocky" had so much more
innocents and class and just the story all in all , just made so much
more sense. Most importantly I felt no "Motivation" to "Creed" as a
pose to "Rocky", because the story of "Rocky" just felt so real and
innocent and full of purpose, which is complete opposite in the movie
"Creed". In the movie "Rocky" you felt the motivation. Overall, to
basically summarize everything, this movie had no class nor respect,
for the previews movies, and the writing was so lame and so empty.
Pretty much "Creed" was made for only one purpose... Money, cause the
most of the stuff in this movie was a complete fail. The Creator of
this movie knew that people would come to watch it,because of how great
the "Rocky" series were, but like i said before, this movie was a
complete bust, with only one intention, to put Rocky's name in this
terrible film just to make money.
