10
Cried for England!

I first saw Lion on a whim 3 weeks ago and didn't know what to expect
as I hadn't even seen the trailer but I was so incredibly moved by
Saroo's story that I decided to watch it again 10 days later. It's the
kind of film that stays with you hours or even days after you leave the
cinema. It's not just an amazing true story but the acting is superb,
the musical score haunting and the cinematography stunning. My decision
to see it for a second time was partly due to how much I'd enjoyed the
film but also in case I'd missed something of importance through all
the tears. Well that didn't work out well as I cried even more the
second time round as I knew the significance of certain scenes. All the adult performances were first class especially Dev Patel and
Nicole Kidman who shared some very moving scenes together as adult son
and adoptive mother but little Sunny Pawar's performance as young Saroo
was totally captivating. There isn't much dialogue in the first 45
minutes but his face and especially his eyes perfectly portray his
anguish, desperation and loneliness. Unlike some reviewers I enjoyed
both distinct halves of the film equally and never lost interest for a
moment. I can't believe for one minute you'll make it through this film
emotionally unscathed but if you do then I'm sure the end credits will
get you. I don't have anything negative to say about this wonderful
film and can't wait for the DVD to be released. I'll finish by using
the 2 most used words when reviewing Lion. Take tissues!
