6
The Gain is worth the Pain

For years, Michael Bay's career has solely consisted of shoot em up
flicks and apocalyptic disaster movies. One after the other, they've
always told the same stories, utilized the same clich√©s and have been
brutalized by critics everywhere. Personally, I never had anything
against the guy. He does what he loves to do and almost 100% of the
time gives his audience what they're there for. But don't mistake him
as a one trick pony. Bay has been making a career of blockbusters for
the sole purpose of having the luxury to make serious, less expensive
movies. Pain & Gain might be proof positive of my point. It was quite a
daring move for Bay to commit to such a bold feat as to make a film
based on the true events of the Sun Gym gang. Like most of the film's
critics (and there are quite an abundance of them), I agree that maybe
it wasn't such a good idea to reenact the actual murders and
backstabbing actions that these murderers did and play them up for
laughs. Because, yes, this is indeed a comedy. Or is it? I can't tell
what genre this movie falls under. But I cant deny thats its
entertaining. I was very interested in the story of the actual events.
What I'm trying to say is, the execution couldn't have been better in
telling the story. The performances from Wahlberg, Johnson and Mackie
were equally unique and insanely enjoyable. The three of them were able
to capture the meat-headed simpletons that these criminals really were.
The movie as a whole works. As a thriller, I was thrilled. But as a
comedy, I was sort of indifferent. At times, I found myself laughing at
some of the film's darker shaded sense of humor, and rolling my eyes at
the cringe worthy, Adam Sandler style gross out jokes that the film
unwillingly felt obligated to shove down our throats. An identity
crisis, this film indeed had. When you get past all these cons, Pain &
Gain is a well crafted, violent joy ride. Its one of the most
underrated films of the year, and its worth your time in seeing it.
