8
Recaptures the magic (for the most part)

"American Reunion" is a very belated sequel, and I always tend to be
weary of belated sequels. I mean, you always ask yourself the same
question when projects like these come along: do the makers actually
think they can add something, or do they just want to squeeze the last
drop out of this franchise while there are still a couple of dozen
people that remember the original? Obviously cinema is a business, so
there's always a bit from column B, but column A definitely seems to
outweigh it. Original writer Adam Herz isn't on board anymore, but the
new guys treat the source material with a lot of respect and actually
seem to get what it was about. It thrives a lot on gross-out and
sex-related gags, but that's not ALL there is to it. These are actual
characters, there is an actual coherent plot, that's what has always
made "American Pie" stick out amongst its numerous copycats (the
abysmal "American Pie Presents"-movies are a prime example of doing it
wrong). And much like the original, "Reunion" succeeds in a) making us
laugh and b) touching a soft spot. Some of this stuff is actually
pretty cheesy, but hell, the gang is back together damn it! A bit
older, a bit less immature (Stifler has a job for God's sake), but they
have still got each other's backs. While the disappointing "Wedding"
seemed to close the franchise on kind of a downer, this one is
definitely a more worthy conclusion. Way better than anyone could have
expected.
