5
I'm going to have to unfriend you, movie. You're not that good.

Before seeing this movie, you would think an entire movie taking place
on a single computer screen on a character's laptop would seem kinda
appealing in how surreal and unique, it looks. However, all shifting
windows, via of YouTube videos, Spotify music, Facebook photos, text
messages, web browsers, and characters appearing and disappearing
through Skype chats, really got old, fast. It's only been, a few years
since this movie, came out, and it's already seems dated. After seeing
this found footage movie, I can say, this movie directed by Leo
Gabriadzae and written by Nelson Greaves, really bytes! I was really
disappointed by it. Not only is the computer gimmick, really run dry
after a few moments into the film, but the over-used of digital video
glitching, lagging, out-of-sync audio and blurry/dark imageries made
this film, somewhat unwatchable. It's so bad that I felt like this,
this movie needs to be Ctrl-Alt-Del! I really couldn't stand, looking
at the screen, any longer. Not only that, but the movie really goes
really quiet, at bits, during a lot of the browsing scenes. It's seem,
way disconnected from the Skype chats. You would think, her Skype
buddies would be, speaking to the main character, high schooler Blaire
Lily (Shelley Hennig) at the same time, as she's looking up,
information, but I guess the writers, never heard of the Skype
function, where people can chat, while surfing the web. I also have to
say, the movie doesn't know, anything about computer loading. Smaller
jpg pictures & shorter YouTube videos shouldn't take longer to load
than bigger photos & longer videos. These folks must not be
computer-savvy. Anyways, besides all the computer mistakes; at its
core, Unfriended is pretty generic. It's just another variation on the
old horror slasher clich√©s of the 1980/1990s, with mischievous
teenagers paying the ultimate price at the hands of a supernatural
killer. This time, it's the ghost of Laura Barns (Heather Sossaman), a
girl that commit suicide, because of their bullying. I really have to
question, what truly is her powers is; I get that she has the power to
haunt them, throughout the internet and their computer screens, but she
also has the power to possessed them to kill themselves. Like honestly,
was there any hope for any of these people to come out, alive in the
end, against a supernatural force that has powers like that? Forces
like that, makes the movie really hard to watch, if none of the
characters had any hope in surviving, but I don't understand, why none
of the characters, just destroy their computers when the video
distortion and stalking starts to happen. That's seem like a rational
idea, not to die. Anyways, it's not like I wanted any of the characters
to survive; because I found all of them, to be so obnoxious, annoying
and unpleasant with their self-centered actions, whining, yelling and
screeching. Not even, the ghost of Laura Barns (Heather Sossaman) was
likable. I have mixed feelings about the movie message about
cyber-bullying. While, I champion in, saying it's wrong to bully
people. I really don't like how the movie, felt like the ghost of Laura
Barns had the right to bullying the bullies in the afterlife. It
doesn't seem right. It gives off, a mixed message for kids, looking for
a solution to bullying. Its worst, to think about it, when she wasn't
that good of a person, when she was alive, bullying others, either. She
comes across as just as horrible as the main characters. In the end,
there was nobody worth cheering for; because how unbearable, all of
them, were. Since I really didn't care for any of them, I really
couldn't wait for the film to end. This was a really bad sign. Like
2002's Feardotcom, bad sign. Sadly, like that movie, this movie was
also not that scary. There is little to no suspense build up to some of
the deaths. Even, if there was, the movie really fails to give us, any
good thrills. A good example is the scene, where the ghost of Laura
Barns hide a camera in somebody's room. It's come off, as more odd,
than scary. I get that the movie was going for that 'unknown is
scarier' routine, but this film doesn't give enough to elicit that kind
of response. Not only that, but the jump scares, they used in this film
are pretty lame. Another problem is the movie's death scenes. Since the
movie's deaths are only glimpses of cartoony violence, it's also not
that impactful. It doesn't really freak you out, as much as it should
had. Also, some of the trailer's deaths that they show in the
marketing, didn't really happen in the movie such as somebody getting
hit by a car and another someone jumping off a building. The only
death, I can say, I was kinda disturb about, is Laura Barns, because it
look so real. It's remind me of the real-life death of 14 year old
Brigit Lorena Gonzalez, in a way. It's somewhat offensive. I also
didn't like, how the film was delay. It was supposed to come out, 2013,
but the movie couldn't find a studio to put it in theaters, until 2015.
Since then, the movie went through so much, working titles. However, I
do have to say; Unfriended sound a little better than Offline or
Cyber-natural. Those were a little too vague and too much of a spoiler.
Overall: Unfriended doesn't feel like groundbreaker movie, it's a
one-off teenager experiment that really fails to be entertaining. This
movie wasn't a great watch for me.
