8
A modern update on Shadow of a Doubt

This is the first English language film from South Korean director
Chan-Wook Park. He is probably most famous for the intense
psychological thriller Oldboy. With his American debut he reigns in the
extremity somewhat but does retain the visual inventiveness that is
also one of his trademarks. In many ways Stoker is a modern update of
Alfred Hitchcock's Shadow of a Doubt (1943). Like that one, this film
has a mysterious uncle re-emerge into the life of a family after many
years of absence. Before long it becomes pretty clear that all is not
as it seems with this man and he is in fact extremely dangerous. The
main character is an 18 year old girl called India Stoker played by Mia
Wasikowska who was recently in the not very good but very popular Alice
in Wonderland. She leads the film very well and carries off the bookish
character effectively. There is also able support from Nicole Kidman as
her mother.The look and feel of Stoker is impressive. The atmosphere is well
sustained throughout. If I had a criticism it would simply be that the
story ultimately isn't all that original and there aren't really a lot
of surprises. What it does do though is to take a fairly standard
psychological thriller story and make it interesting by way of
cinematic techniques. It isn't a movie that is exactly going to break
the mould but it is pretty accomplished nevertheless and is a pretty
good first English language feature from its director.
