8
Interesting Take on a Surprisingly True Story,

Pain & Gain is a great movie with a very well developed storyline and
an outstanding cast that have the ability both serious and funny which
made them great casting for a movie I like this.Although it is very
hard to believe,this is actually based on a true story,and as the movie
continues it becomes more and more unbelievable,but are robed every now
and again that it is actually a true story,which was clever because
they obviously knew people would be thinking that throughout.This movie
has different characters narrating throughout,which is something I have
complained about in past reviews,I just think we should only be
following one character,and when we learn about a different characters
past it should still be the main character telling their story,I think
it should have just been Mark Wahlberg's character telling the story
instead of switching around to Dwayne Johnson,to Bar Paly and later on
Ed Harris,they gave so much characters the chance to narrate which just
really irritates me.The movie really is a breath of fresh air
considering it is directed by Michael Bay,who's never done a movie like
this before,and the characters are nothing like Mark Wahlberg,Dwayne
Johnson or Anthony Mackie have played before. Pain & Gain is a very
enjoyable movie that I would recommend to anyone looking for a good
action or comedy.Based on a true story about three bodybuilders who get involved in
burglary and kidnapping in order to get all the money and wealthy
lifestyle they desire,but to fact that none of them are particularity
brainy dosen't help them. Best Performance: Mark Wahlberg
