7
I Don't Care What They Say...I Really Liked This Movie!

I am really surprised at all of the negative reviews here. But then I
remember, this is IMDb. Enough said there. I enjoyed this movie very
much. I don't think it was anything more than the story of one woman
trying to find a way to move forward. This movie is not a political
statement about feminism. This is ONE woman's story of regret, healing,
and ultimately about forgiving herself so that she could move forward.
Is this movie boring? Only if you need CGI and superheroes to call it
"exciting." Do people do really adventurous things like taking off
alone on a thousand mile trek on foot? Yeah, they do. And most of them
actually survive. People have been surviving for thousands of years by
striking out on their own without any previous experience or
"training." Many years ago I did something very similar to what this
woman did in the Sierra Nevadas. Looking back now I know I must have
been crazy to do something so unplanned. But it was something I felt I
had to do and was also stemmed from a tragic loss. I thought Reese was
very believable in this role. The constant flashbacks that seemed to
bother all the other reviewers did not bother me in the least. The
flashbacks were the unfolding of her life taken in little pieces and in
sync with the memories that were ignited within her on her journey. So
contrary to the other reviewers, I liked this movie! The soundtrack was
right on target with what was happening in each scene. The scenery was
stunning, but of course it would be if you've ever been in the area. On
foot. I happily gave this movie a rating of 7 out of 10.
