8
It's not about the stripping...

This might come as a shock to some, but this is not really a movie
about male strippers. Yes, two of the principal characters are male
strippers, butas Channing Tatum's character (Magic Mike himself) says
at a crucial point in the film, "That's what I doit's not who I am."
Amid the bountiful buttcheeks and brawny pecs on display, there is a
real story here about ambition, and goals, and loyalty, and commitment,
and self-actualization. Yes, I used the term "self-actualization" in a
review of "Magic Mike"; I told you you might be shocked.At any rate, plenty of folks (like the pathetic woman who was sitting
behind me in the theater, the one who clapped like a poorly trained
seal, guffawed, and cackled any time the least bit of male skin
appeared on screen) will go see this movie because of all the hype
about the hot male bodies in various states of undressand they will
certainly enjoy the film on that very basic level. But let's be honest
here, folksthis is a Stephen Soderbergh filmand Soderbergh does not
use sex and titillation gratuitously. The plot is compelling, the film
is well written and masterfully directed, and Channing Tatum proves
that he is much, much more than a hot body and a pretty face. For his
sake, here's hoping that "Magic Mike" can propel him along a career
path similar to those of other handsome actors who managed to overcome
"Movie Star" looks to prove that they were genuine actors. Like Brad
Pitt.
