9
"Gifted" is a wonderful family story, wonderfully executed.

Octavia Spencer has carved out quite a niche for herself in feel-good,
family-friendly dramas. At first, she often played caregivers (mostly
nurses) during her feature film career, which began in 1996 when she
played a nurse in "A Time to Kill". But then she won a Best Supporting
Actress Oscar for 2011's "The Help" (in which she played a maid). Since
her Oscar win, the variety in her movie roles has expanded, but she
seems to have gravitated towards a certain kind of cinematic story. She
took on roles like the peace-loving Johanna in the "Divergent" films, a
loving grandmother involved in a child custody battle in "Black or
White" (2015) and a brilliant and protective NASA supervisor in "Hidden
Figures" (2016). Then, in 2017, she played God himself (well, HERself)
in "The Shack"  and a loving grandmotherly figure on the fringes of a
child custody battle in the terrific family-friendly drama "Gifted"
(PG-13, 1:41).The character to whom the title "Gifted" refers is a precocious
7-year-old girl named Mary, played by Mckenna Grace (previously mainly
known for her TV roles in "The Young and the Restless", "Once Upon a
Time" and "Designated Survivor"). Mary never knew her father (who
disappeared from the picture when Mary's mother learned that she was
pregnant) and her mother died when Mary was six months old. Mary is
being raised by her uncle Frank (Chris Evans) in his modest Florida
home, which he pays for by freelancing as a boat repairman. Frank's
landlady is an older woman named Roberta (Spencer) who loves Mary like
she's her own granddaughter. Good thing. Mary's real grandmother
(Frank's mom) is an arrogant and controlling woman who lives in
Massachusetts. Which is why Frank lives in Florida.After home-schooling Mary for a while, Frank decides that it's time for
Mary to go to school, so he enrolls her in first grade. Frank thinks
it's critically important that Mary socialize and make friends with
kids her own age. Mary doesn't think she should go to school. Roberta
agrees and isn't shy about expressing her concerns to Frank. Roberta
knows that Mary is special and is concerned about protecting her from a
world which can't understand her. Mary doesn't want to go to school
because she knows that she can't relate to kids who aren't on her
intellectual level. Also because elementary school is so well,
elementary. Mary's concerns about school play out very quickly when she
hits a boy in the face with a book for bullying a younger child  and
when she gets disgusted with her strict, but caring teacher, Bonnie
Stevenson (Jenny Slate) for asking the kids what 3+3 equals, when Mary
can do calculus! Ms. Stevenson clearly recognizes Mary's genius in
mathematics and the school's principal (Elizabeth Marvel) tells Frank
that the school is unable to academically challenge a child like Mary
and offers to help get Mary into a very prestigious private school
nearby. Frank refuses, insisting that what Mary needs more at this
point is to learn to socialize with her peers (chronological peers, if
not intellectual ones) and to just "be a kid". It's at this point that
grandma Evelyn (Lindsay Duncan) shows up on Frank's doorstep. A
mathematical genius herself (but surpassed by her late daughter), she
tries to convince Frank that his method of raising Mary will rob her of
her potential and deprive the world of major contributions that she
seems destined to make. When Frank refuses to budge, Evelyn drags him
into court for a bitter and very personal custody battle. Roberta and
Evelyn become more involved in the lives of Mary and Frank, but it's
unlikely they can do much to help Frank sort through his limited
options."Gifted" is a wonderful movie, wonderfully executed. Screenwriter Tom
Flynn and director Marc Webb give us a sweet and meaningful story of
love, family and finding balance in life. It also makes for outstanding
drama, with well-constructed twists and multi-layered plot lines. Grace
is adorable  and exceptionally talented, as shown not just by this
role, but by the impressive list of screen credits she accumulated by
the age of 10! Evans may not be carrying Captain America's shield in
this movie, but he's still pretty heroic as the loving but conflicted
father figure who desperately wants to do right by his niece. Slate
reminds us that she's an excellent actress with more range than most of
her fellow SNL alumni. She also has great chemistry with Evans, with
whom she had a year-long relationship after making this movie. Duncan
plays her pseudo-villain role with depth and Spencer is both fun and
heart-warming to watch. The occasional adult language and allusions to
sex take a little away from this film's family-friendliness, but
"Gifted" really is a great gift to Movie Fans. "A"
