6
Comprised of spectacular performances, Johnny Depp and Co. carry this run-of-the-mill B list Mob movie to relevance.

Encompassed with episodic rhythm and an awfully conventional format,
Scott Cooper mutates a story of rich soil capable of greatness to a
detaching and routine crime film. Black Mass grasps only on the
superficial layer as it focuses solely on documented events of the
crime they organized. Due to this, the movie suffers as it seems to be
merely a biography- laying out these horrific events in these specified
timeframes but not putting any focus on the characters that performed
it. All action, but none of the story that happens between that allows
the audience to view who they are and what they're like. Black Mass
fails to delve deeper into the roots, and this of course limits the
scope of all the actors. Great mob cinematography such as The
Godfather, Goodfellas, and the Sopranos- all of these were so great
because they allowed the audience to see what the characters were like
when they weren't shooting, beating, or plotting against people.That being said, in their limited boxes boy do these actors put on a
show. Led by Johnny Depp and Joel Edgerton, the audience can tell
straight from the start that this cast reveled and lived their roles.
With the amount of overwhelming, heinous events; the film had to have
someone cold-hearted and sleazy, and woah did these actors become the
epitome of that. However, due to this heavily limited character, the
only "rise" the audience feels are from the bone-chilling actions that
these men did. Black Mass fails to captivate. And when the closing
credits roll a feeling of disappointment washes over you, as it feels
like you just watched an episode on the ID channel with really, really
good actors.
