5
Stupid and Senseless Concept of Society

In a post-apocalyptic dystopia, the world is destroyed and only Chicago
has survived with a society divided into five factions: Abnegation (the
selfless), Amity (the peaceful), Candor (the honest), Dauntless (the
brave), and Erudite (the intelligent). The teenager Beatrice Prior
(Shailene Woodley) belongs to the Abnegation that rules the society but
she fells outcast and attracted by the Dauntless. When she is sixteen
years old, she is submitted to an aptitude test to indicate in which
faction she will stay for the rest of her life, but she learns that she
has aptitude to be in the Abnegation, Erudite and Dauntless. Further,
she learns that she is a Divergent that is destroyed by the government.
On the next day, she chooses to join the Dauntless where she changes
her name to Tris and is trained by Four (Theo James). They fall in love
with each other and soon Tris discovers that the Erudite are planning
to take over the power from the Abnegation and become the ruling
faction. "Divergent" is an adventure movie with a dull and lame story based in a
stupid and senseless concept of society. The dystopia does not make any
sense and everything is idiotic in the story: the society, the plot,
the romance, the way the Dauntless jump from the train, the conclusion.
If there is a faction formed for the most intelligent people, it seems
to be obvious that they should rule this chaotic society. Tris kills
many soldiers but she leaves Jeanine alive in the end. My vote is five.Title (Brazil): "Divergente" ("Divergent")
