9
Emotionally Honest

A Monster Calls is the rare movie geared toward a younger demographic
which refuses to pull an emotional punch. The movie explicitly states
that the protagonist, Connor O'Malley, is "too old to be a kid and too
young to be a man". The introductory tagline is the perfect way to
relay the film's tone to the audience. From the brutally honest acting
to the gorgeously animated "stories", A Monster Calls allows raw
emotion to emanate from the experience. Magic on the screen happens due
to the unique specificity of our hurt hero. The fantastical elements
found in a typical family movie organically merge with the painful
reality of adulthood. For example, a fight will begin building up in
Connor and the anger will call out the monster. The monster is never a
simple vicarious outlet for the young adult. Instead, the monster is a
well-executed manifestation of perceived guilt towards a deeper truth.
Liam Neeson's monster revels in the humanity of the moment while also
holding a magnifying glass up to it. Life continues to get worse for
Connor and each appearance leads to a gradual slip of harsh reality.
Refreshingly, A Monster Calls never hides that uncovering important
personal insight is a painful process. The climax makes up for one of
the most touching revelatory moments in modern cinema. The value of the
film is revealed in how both children and adults in the audience gain a
better understanding of the inherently personal nature of grief. The
way we deal with a loss can come across as something else entirely for
ourselves. A wide release of the film will hopefully begin to kindle in
an audience a desire for introspective cinema. In a sense, specific
scenarios are able to paradoxically tap into a universally human truth.
Movies like A Monster Calls show a better alternative to the next
soulless generic blockbuster movie.
