2
Don't Waste Your Money

If I had payed to see this I would've asked for my money back
afterwards... that's how bad it was.One of the worst book adaptations I've ever seen. I read the book a
couple of years back and absolutely LOVED it. It's a great book -
intelligent, innovative, entertaining, and addicting. To put it in
perspective, the book in about 600 pages, and the move was about maybe
200 pages of it? It made me sad because they turned it from Hunger
Games status to Twilight status - and Stephanie Myers is to blame
there. Known for Twilight and vampire love stories, the writers and
director of the Host tailored to the sales rather than the story. They
cut out all the action and background information and just gave the
love triangle - which is exactly what the Twilight movies did.
Honestly, it was just so bad. My friends never read the book and were
so confused the entire way. I had to explain everything to them
afterwards because in the movie they took out all the background
information! They skipped over WAY too much. The result of the movie: a
futuristic story about aliens taking over the mind's and body's of the
human race which leads to rebellion and a cheesy love triangle. ALSO:
The ending sets up for a sequel to this movie - a sequel that doesn't
exist because Myers never wrote a second book of the Host... so I don't
know what they're trying to pull but seriously I don't get it. PLEASE I
BEG YOU DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY. I'M TIRED OF THE FILM INDUSTRY GETTING
AWAY WITH THE MURDER OF GREAT NOVELS. DON'T SEE IT!!!!!!!!
