5
The Most Marketable Movie Ever Made...

World War Z is a zombie outbreak movie that supposedly bases itself on
the amazing book of the same name by Max Brooks. What this movie truly
is, is a shamefully mediocre attempt to create a movie that appeals to
the widest audience possible. Pee established fan base from the book?
Check. Star power (this is Brad Pitt)? Check. Focuses on intensity
rather than horror and gore to not alienate non zombie fans? Check.
Safe, young PG 13 rating? Check. All the makings are here because this
is what the big Hollywood studio wanted. Despite the fact this movie
doesn't resemble the book at all, it appears that those attached to
make this movie tried to make a decent movie such as the visually
interesting director Marc Foster who wanted to make a movie with a
message which would emulate the tone the book was going for. However,
the big studio disliked this and demanded rewrites and re-shooting that
damaged the relationship between the director and Brad and results in a
quick, intense action movie that lacks the character development and
messages it needed to be a truly memorable movie because almost every
one of those scenes were cut so much to the point that central
characters get barley any lines. While the action scenes are intense
and enjoyable on their own and Marc foster adds style to the lack of
substance but its just not enough to save this movie. While it is
better than it had any right to be thanks to Marc, it needs more and it
lacks in crucial substance. However from the reviews and box office
reports it appears Hollwood has succeeded in creating a successful
marketable movie that everyone will eat up and it will be too late when
we all get the nasty aftertaste.....
