10
I Love This Movie

It seems critics nowadays just want serious movies that last hours on
end, they don't want action or 3D, they just want to listen to dialogue
driven movies that frankly don't go anywhere heart pumping or exciting.
It's a real shame when critics can't enjoy watching two of the coolest,
freshest actors totally ripping the guts out of evil witches in
spectacularly gory style. We need more movies like this, films that
don't take themselves seriously and just aim for all out entertainment.
Fast paced, sharp and ferociously violent, Hansel and Gretel: Witch
Hunters is hands down the most fun and wildly over the top adventure of
2013, it will be hard to beat. The story is played out fast and loose,
just like the 3D and special effects which are insanely brilliant, the
action is explosive but the best feature is the acting. Jeremy Renner
is very entertaining, his humour is very blunt and deadpan and it's a
change from his roles in Avengers, Bourne & Mission Impossible. Gemma
Arterton is very cool, she takes a whole lot of punches and she fights
back with brute force, and most of the bad-ass one liners come from
her, "Let the girl go, or I'm gonna blow you sheriff brains all over
these hillbillies". It has to be said though, that Famke Janssen is the
best, you can tell she is having a blast playing the evil witch Muriel,
whenever she comes on screen you can't help but smile, and there's a
sense of unpredictability with her character, who knows what she will
do next?! It's repeat viewing material and a heck of a blast and there
is never a dull moment, just all out action, fun twists and a whole lot
of laughter.
