7
Gripping and realistic, Deepwater Horizon works both as an enlightening documentary and a fun blockbuster.

Deepwater Horizon is a movie that succeeds on two levels: as an
action-packed blockbuster and as an honest depiction of a tragic
disaster. It's the story of the BP oil rig that exploded and
contaminated the Gulf of Mexico. The way Berg directs the sequence of
events is well paced and purposefully developmental for a good chunk of
the movie. It takes about 45 minutes before the crap hits the fan,
during which we're allowed time to get to know the characters - their
quirks, their personalities - so we can empathize with their situation.
The stakes feel real, as they should (and were), which is a testament
to the directing and the acting. Mark Wahlberg and Kurt Russell
dominate in their roles, Russell given the opportunity to remind us why
he's one of the biggest stars ever. The supporting cast is excellent,
including John Malkovich, Gina Rodriguez, and Dylan O'Brien, who have
chemistry and rapport between other characters (Malkovich and Russell
sharing a couple intense moments where not a word is said).The disaster itself is portrayed brilliantly. The tone remains frantic
and the stunning special effects work puts it over the edge. Once
things go south, it's a nonstop adrenaline rush till the end. The only
reason it's not rated higher is because it's merely a depiction of
events, nothing groundbreaking or revolutionary in regards to
storytelling. But it didn't have to be. This was a tragic event and the
gritty realism shown here is as refreshing as it is intense. If you're
in the mood for a deeper-than-average thrill-ride, look no further than
Deepwater Horizon.
