1
a disgrace and insult to a timeless and beautiful story

No. This is absolute nonsense, a disgrace towards the very idea of what
a good film should be. The story of the 47 Ronin has been told with
great sensitivity, artistic excellence and masterful story telling by
several Japanese producers and directors. When told straight up it is
an incredible story of loyalty, revenge and the intrigues and
incredible richness of ancient Japanese life and culture. The very idea
that this incredible story could be "Kanued" and turned into a
pointless and tasteless Hollywood film is frankly disgraceful. I have
been a fan of the many outstanding films made by Japanese film makers
over many decades. Many of the greatest films ever made were made by
these craftsmen, artists, actors, producers and directors. The story of
the 47 Ronin is a great human story that should not be tampered with
like this. The real tragedy here is that the original story, based upon
actual historic events, is such a great story that there is no reason
to "adopt" or "adapt" it. Telling it straight up is the only way to go.
I have to admit I am furious at this shallow and trumped up farce. Why
would any honorable film maker want to create this vulgar and senseless
farce about such a great story. Is the film revenge from talentless
producers and writers for their inability to tell a story so
beautifully told by the Japanese themselves? Is the film in fact a
racist attack against the Japanese film industry? The basic perversion
of this story by these actors and film makers has some subversive
reason for existing. Perhaps we can hope that the many fine historians,
critics and analysis's of film can help us understand this sad and
terrible exercise in arrogance and truly yellow excrement of film
making, over time.
