1
Dire

Oh dear oh dear. Many people were excitedly waiting on this one given
it was coming from the directors of the brilliant Inside, but now that
its here it seems their slide has continued because that films
greatness has never been echoed (particularly after the terrible Among
The Living). Leatherface lacks any ember of dread, menace, tension, or
thrills and an attempt to have us connect with just one character (the
nurse) fails badly. I just didn't see the point of this film, I at
least expected to get some kind of simmering, disturbing, sweats on the
level of (say) Girl Next Door but there was none of that. The movie has
an entirely overproduced mainstream feel to it (completely unlike the
original) and while it has some punctuating gore (I guess they thought
it was shocking) its done so matter-of-fact it has no impact whatsoever
leaving this viewer sighing an unaffected meh. The inclusion of a cheap
necro scene was both pointless and silly (another failed attempt to
shock) and while I often love Stephen Dorff acting his attempts in this
stinker made me cringe. The huge leap in the development of the
character who becomes Leatherface also felt forced. One minute hes
offering some kind of negotiable humanity and the next hes a brainless
loon for the rest of his days apparently. I wont be watching this
again, which speaks volumes given I've seen the original at least 6
times. Featherlace.
