5
Good story but not hitting the spot.

I starts of with following a depressed woman seeking help and getting
prescriptions for a new drug. With the drugs comes wacky side effects,
which becomes worse and worse, and end in worst case scenario. The
story tries to point out the dangers with modern drugs and it's "side
effects" which really are it's effects, but fails at the end, because
the real issue is never brought to the surface. The corporations(the
pharmaceutical industry is the second largest behind the energy
industry) which are making billions of dollars every year on numbing
down society, without legal responsibilities. And the pills which are
right now being showed down our kids throats like they were candy, and
no one seems to be noticing the link between the pharmaceutical drugs
and the changed, radical and aggressive behavior? Why not shine more
light on these issues instead of only focusing on fraud, murder and
conspiracy between two people? And in the end it was just about money.
And why not shine some light on the link between the shootings all over
the world, were every kid involved pulling the trigger, was on
treatment on some kind of drug, like antidepressants, stimulants, mood
stabilizers etc. Anyways, the movie turns into a conspiracy which is about making
money...and it has it's twists. Actors are doing a good job and it's a
little thrilling at it's moment at best. He actually punish her in the
end by forcing her to take pharmaceutical drugs just to get revenge.
That says a lot about how good drugs really are, you can use them to
punish people! I guess this is the directors attempt to point at the
dangers of the psychotropics, but he doesn't go as far as he should,
missing the spot.6/10
