1
soooo bad

Oh dear. I felt so embarrassed for all who took part in this movie. So
embarrassed. I do not understand why Charlize Theron, Amanda Seyfried,
Liam Neeson, Giovanni Ribisi, Neil Patrick Harris, Ewan McGregor, Ryan
Reynolds and many other actors and actresses needed to be a part of
this uninspiring and very, very bad project. I never liked westerns. I
always found them boring, stuck in simple clichéd storytelling, full of
ugly dirty characters with poor dental hygiene and appalling standards
of personal grooming. This movie does not display the last two traits,
since most characters have pearly white teeth and seem washed and
combed, but the rest of the clichés are present. This is supposed to be
a comedy. I struggled to find it funny. There were only a very few
scenes that may be considered funny. Mostly, it is brimming with bad
toilet humor, uninspiring acting, boring and unimaginative
storytelling. The man around whom this movie had been constructed, Seth
McFarlane, does not make his character neither lovable nor pitiful. He
is simply an obnoxious, irritating and useless man who does not deserve
any of the good stuff that happens to him. Even though I knew that he
could not be killed, being the corner stone of the movie, I was
secretly wishing for his character to die a horrible death some of the
supporting characters were suffering. Watching this movie was a waste
of my time. I can not understand what made me sit through all of it. I
hope I will forget it fast. Do not, under any circumstances, waste your
time and money on this trash. There are far more deserving movies you
can spend time watching. I wish I could ask for refund.
