1
Newt's Ark

David Yates has done it again - what a terrible movie. Boring from
beginning to end. J.K. Rowling just wasn't able to write a script that
could live up to the Harry Potter books and universe. Fantastic? Not so
much. Beasts? Sure, lots of them, but uninteresting. Where to find
them? All inside a magical bag. There's absolutely no character
development: we get to know very little about Newt Scamander, his
personal quest, his thoughts or what drives him; Tina is just bland;
and Kowalski is a comic relief that just wasn't necessary. Throughout
the movie, you never understand why Newt has a "Noah complex" or why he
was driven to build his own Ark of magical creatures; there's no
tension, no drama involved - muggles don't know about those creatures,
so they can't hate them or understand how dangerous they might be, and
wizards just don't seem to care enough about them. Why exactly was Newt
expelled from Hogwarts? What exactly was his relation to Leta
Lestrange? We just don't know. Graves was an interesting character, but
very poorly developed. Sure, he is revealed to be something more and we
couldn't know too much, but we never get to understand the context in
which he professes his ideology. For a movie that revolves around
magic, there's actually not that much magic being used during the
movie. Maybe next time they should try a movie with less special
effects and a little bit more acting. The Harry Potter books were
always about the narrative - well written, enticing, thrilling, focused
on big existential issues, such as death, the quest for immortality,
friendship. This movie was about the visual power of cinema, and that
just isn't enough. Besides, a whole generation grew up with Harry
Potter, a generation that actually "grew up", so a PG movie won't work.
