2
The most boring action-filled movie I have ever seen.

Let me start off by stating that I am not a huge Transformers fan, I
never really watched the show as a kid and I didn't really play with
the toys or games. Having said that, I remember being highly impressed
with the first Michael Bay Transformers movie when I saw it in
theaters. Was it a perfect movie? No, but as far as a mindless action
flick went it was pretty good. It had great effects and the action was
well done. This movie has the benefit of better graphics, but loses
anything else. There is no character development, the dialogue was full
of cheesy lines and unfunny humor (there was one character that I
actually cheered for when he died because his dialogue was nothing but
crappy one-liners), and there was no cohesiveness to the story. The
biggest sin that Bay committed on this movie, however, is he made the
action boring. When you get to a certain point of this movie and you
see another explosion, that looks exactly the same as the last 15 that
happened in the last 3 seconds of the film, you start to wonder why you
should care for this threat? For that matter, why should the audience
care for any of these characters? None of them display anything that
makes the audience connect with them, and because of this you don't
care for any of them. Sadly Michael Bay has not learned that character
development and plot are more important than constantly filling the
screen with action. In a good movie you care about the characters, so
when a threat comes against them you are emotionally invested in the
character and when they come out on top it is all the more rewarding
(or crushing when a character you care for loses). This movie is more
akin to dangling the keys in front of an infant, it has just as much
noise and sparkle and just as little substance.
