5
Depp is Great...Movie Itself? Not So Much.

Black Mass serves as a nice redemption for the floundering career of
Johnny Depp, who has leaned more on quirky voices and loud makeup than
his actual skills in recent years. His portrayal of mob boss Whitey
Bulger is a powerhouse performance and easily his best since he first
introduced the world to Jack Sparrow. It's too bad the movie as a whole
doesn't fair quite as well. Despite a great cast and some interestingly
insane source material, somehow a movie about one of America's most
infamous criminals feels more like small claims court. Director Cooper
focuses his narrative on Bulger's less-than-legal partnership with the
FBI. It's a fascinatingly close-knit community we witness (agents,
felons, politicians, and families alike) in which loyalty and
corruption go hand-in-hand. It's a grimy yet quiet 70's-feel gangster
film that engages its audience nearly as much as it reminds them of
better films. Therein lies its big problem: What is Black Mass offering
that hasn't already been perfected in other gangster films?
Unfortunately, instead of a true movie-making vision, it's like a guy
watched every crime drama from the last 40 years and just spit out a
less-interesting copycat. Not that a counterfeit of something great
can't still have its positives: the score is beautiful and the
performances from the top-notch cast around Depp are nearly as superb
as his, all of whom nail the oft-parodied Bostonian accent with aplomb.
But with too many side plots to juggle, not enough cohesion to the
storytelling, and an unfortunate lack of auteur vision, Black Mass just
can't stand against the great American crime films of yore (Chinatown,
Godfather, Goodfellas).
