8
Steve  Jobs

According to technology reporters such as John Dvorak and Leo Laporte
(both "old school" ones, who personally lived many of the events
portrayed in this film), it seems that Steve Jobs is more fiction than
reality; fortunately, it's a perfectly acted, well written and solidly
directed fiction, all of which is conjugated with each other in order
to compensate its curious narrative decisions. But, does it really
offer us a "real" vision of the genuine Steve Jobs? Probably not; for
that, there are numerous books and documentaries. What screenwriter
Aaron Sorkin attempted was capturing the essence of the man and his
moment in time, examining his nature through the interaction with
friends, relatives and colleagues during three stressful moments. As I
said, "curious narrative decisions"... but with an interesting result.
The unusual structure designed by Sorkin requires an excessive
chronological manipulation, suggesting the fact that all the personal
and labor problems from Jobs exploited (or were solved) in the previous
minutes to his famous presentations... not only once, but three times.
Even Jobs himself mentions that (well, the idealized version
brilliantly played by Michael Fassbender), but that doesn't excuse the
forced narrative juggling of the screenplay. Fortunately, the whole
cast makes an exceptional work, transcending those tricks and bringing
fluid and absolutely credible performances. Besides, Steve Jobs
precisely captures the ideological separation and fraternal
compatibility between Jobs and Steve Wozniak, the adored patron saint
of hackers who knew what people wanted... but not what they needed.
That's where Jobs shined... imposing his taste and will on the
consumers, even though many years went by before the economic success
validated that arrogant attitude. In conclusion, I don't think Steve
Jobs works as an apocryphal History lesson about the digital revolution
we currently enjoy/suffer; however, I found it quite an interesting
biopic, not only due to the phenomenal performances and Danny Boyle's
elegant direction, but also because of its intentional rejection of the
biographical clich√©s which almost always feel superficial and
incomplete. Sometimes, the fragments of a portrait end up being more
interesting than the whole picture. Nevertheless, my indifference for
the Apple products remains.
