2
Worst movie since "Billy Jack"

Brad Pitt killing Nazis again. This time in a tank. Possibly, no
probably, the worst movie I have ever seen. Horrible. Last scene: Brad
Pitt's tank is set to hold an important crossroads. Loses tread on
mine. Lookout spots 250 SS infantry troops on the way, with an armored
car or two. Brad Pitt says were gonna duke it out. (um, I haven't been
in the army, but I would at that point hide in the woods and call an
air strike. Long columns of troops hate being strafed by fighter
planes.) SS gets up to the tank and then the tank opens fire. Kills a
bunch of SS. Germans send wave after wave of infantry guys with machine
guns against tank. (somehow, even though it is April 1945 and the
Germans have been fighting for 7 years or so, they don't realize a
machine gun can't hurt a tank.) They have a guy with a bazooka but he
positioned himself at the front of the tank and the tank shot him
first. Not sure why he didn't walk around to the rear to the immobile
tank and blow it up. After a hundred or so Germans have been killed by
doing wind sprints in the limited field of fire, Brad Pitt says the
hell with it with it stands on the top of tank and shots more Germans.
He is silhouetted against a burning building and a wily German sniper
sneaks up. He hits Brad Pitt 3 times, but Brad Pitt crawls back into
tank. (HmmmÂ…usually one shot is all a sniper needs. This sniper goes
for the rarely used "shoulder shot"). At this point there is only Brad
Pitt and one other guy left. The other guy says "Sarg, Im scared." Brad
Pitt also discloses that he too is scared. German opens the top hatch
and drops two of those weird looking hand grenades a foot away from
Brad Pitt. Must of maxed out the timers, because Brad Pitt has time to
tell the other guy its OK to run and there is a bottom hatch he can
use. The guy opens it and drops to the ground. Two explosions rock the
tank. The guy crawls in a hole beneath tank. Bunch of SS troops are
milling about the tank. One peeks under the tank with a flashlight, he
sees the American, but pretends he didn't. Lots of the SS guys were
pretty OK dudes I guess. American goes to sleep. Wakes up next morning
the Germans are gone. He goes into tank, instead of the turret of the
tank having Brad Pitt wallpaper, his body is resting peacefully. He
looks good. He is Brad Pitt after all. Looks like he passed away from
embarrassment from being in such a horrible movie. Last guy covers him
up. He gets rescued, medic says to him, "you're a hero." I think that
was suppose to be meaningful, ironic or something. Its called "Fury"
because thats the way I felt after spending $10.50 on it.
