8
A Highly Literate Vampire Love Story

ONLY LOVERS LEFT ALIVE pulls no punches with its audience; it expects
us to take note of the literary references peppering the script, to
figures old and new, making us away of the transhistoricity of the
love-affair between Adam (Tom Hiddleston) and Eve (Tilda Swinton). In a
world becoming increasingly disheveled and uninhabitable - the shots of
a desolate Detroit are especially affecting - their love remains the
only constant. However director Jim Jarmusch suggests that they need an
outside transfusion of perfect blood to keep their affair going,
something that can only be provided through a few sources, notably
through Christopher Marlowe (John Hurt), who lives in a dark, dingy
caf√© in Tangier (another place deliberately chosen by director Jarmusch
as the symbol of a place where trade and/or exchange has historically
always occurred). When the blood runs out, so Adam and Eve have to
resort to more direct methods of sustaining themselves. The ambiances
evoked through this film are memorable; the zombie culture populated by
Adam and Ava (Mia Wasikowska), the labyrinthine streets of Tangier,
where sellers on every corner offer "something special" - which is not
special enough for Adam and Eve. Within this ambiance the love-story is
strangely haunting: we care for the two protagonists and their future,
even though we are aware that their affair has continues for centuries.
The film doesn't necessarily offer an optimistic conclusion, but at
least it suggests that Adam and Eve will continue stay alive, at
whatever cost.
