4
An authentic and good-looking film that rings completely untrue in its characterizations and script

It's unfair to label "Out of the Furnace" a bad film. It's well shot.
The setting is effectively imposing and formidable. The performances
are nuanced and engaging. The sense of time is easily understood.
Unfortunately, the positives end there. While it's an authentic and
good-looking film, the lazy, heavy-handed script offers very little
originality and rings mostly untrue. "Furnace" could be accurately
described as "gritty", a genuine look at blue-collar, lower-middle
class people. It's a fairly simple "good guys vs. bad guys" revenge
film that avoids melodrama by instead opting to be boring. As it slowly
plods along, it becomes increasingly clear that it has no interest in
allowing us to infer anything about the subtler points of the story.
The emotions it forces on us are manipulative and unnatural, and the
dialogue is so heavy-handed and full of clichés I felt I was watching a
student film. And the score.ugh. Is there a more uninspired way of
saying, "THIS MOVIE IS ABOUT NORMAL FOLK" than to have Pearl Jam
playing throughout? The high-points are the performances, making this
film more than a waste. Bale continues to prove he is our generation's
Deniro, deftly bringing subtlety and gravitas to every role. Affleck is
proceeding to best his more famous brother, Ben, in every role. Saldana
is great, and hopefully will be given better material someday.
Unfortunately, there is very little for any of these guys to work with
here. So no matter how powerful the movie seems to think it is, the
mediocre writing and poor direction prove otherwise.
