10
Se-quel, se-quel, se-quel...

John Carter is an unjustly dismissed sci-fi masterpiece...grossly
unjustified. What was wrong with it? Specifically, what was wrong?
Pacing? It was intense!!! Coming from someone who uses this word
sparingly, this movie was "EPIC". I am almost certain that time will
enable objectivity, and objectivity will redeem it from the stinging
taint slapped on it due to a predictably simplistic aversion to what is
"mainstream" by film critics. If a studio other than Disney could have
created the same film with half the budget it would have been heralded
as a cinematic achievement within the sci-fi genre, but its budget was
viewed as ostentatious and its production studio as childish, so it
became "cool" to hate on it before anyone had even seen it.Who makes something and how much they pay to have it made has nothing
to due with the quality of what is actually produced, it may be
indicative of quality or lack thereof, but the final product speaks for
itself. Reviews of John Carter tell us more about film critics than the
critics told us about the film. It was practically perfect.
"Incomprehensible plotting"??? They laid the groundwork for the
presumed sequels by deliberately leaving a few questions unanswered,
which I hope they still make and answer because I loved this first one!
Mars was epic, and then in the end we are reminded that the story began
on Earth and the film ends stronger than I could have hoped for! An
excellent story masterfully told on screen.
