4
Acting was acceptable, good action, poor story line

I could candy coat this and tell you I loved this film, but I won't
because I didn't. I thought it was rather poorly written. However the
saving grace was the actors themselves that pulled this out of the
crapper in my opinion. Nothing new was added here except another layer
to the Treadstone, Black Briar, and other Government absurdities from
the other three movies. This sequel deals with genetics and DNA
manipulation and since this is mentioned in the trailer, there is no
spoiler alert needed. These genetic mutations were supposed to
eliminate the inconsistencies that existed with Jason Borne (also in
the trailer) and the operatives in his program. The way they dealt with
how they supposedly "fixed" the inconsistencies is really what was made
this an unbelievable script. However, the action and the acting of the
two lead characters Rachel Weisz and Jeremy Renner make this movie
tolerable. There was no reason to cast people like Stacey Keach or
Edward Norton to this cast as they added no value other than their name
to this film. Really, any no name actor could have provided the same
quality to this film without having to pay for these actors. The plot
wasn't too hard to follow, but be prepared for a few flashbacks to the
other three movies, which to me, upsets the flow to the movie. The only
reason I think they put them in in the first place was for people who
may not have seen the other three Borne movies. Other than that, I
don't think they're needed. I wouldn't waste admission price or popcorn on this movie. I only saw
it because it was only $5 at the drive in and you got to see another
movie after it went off so it didn't cost me that much. Don't worry, it
will keep until it comes out on Netflix or Redbox, and then you can
watch it without worrying that you are throwing away your money.
