10
A visual feast, excellent sound design and performance

I don't remember the last time I felt a movie was too short. This movie
kept me entertained all the way. The chemistry between Matt and Pedro
is great. The Chinese actors were good, they weren't supposed to speak
perfect English. Their facial expressions were good and the directing
is better than a lot of similar popcorn movies.The sound design rumbled
the theater and in a fog fight scene, I felt like I was there with Matt
and Pedro in the mist. SJWs complain about race, like they always do.
They attack anything from China as the guardian always do, nothing new.
They ask for "character development" because they want to sound
smart.Since when did popcorn movies have a deep plot? You don't judge a
pop song with classical standards. If you do, it means you don't know
what you are talking about and you are trying to pass of as a pro. And
why look at rotten tomatoes when the movie is not even out in the west?
That proves they just want to troll. Good critics would never asks for
historical accuracy in a popcorn fantasy. What they want is "Shindler's
list" in Star wars costumes because they forget their age and Spielberg
would never be so confused. This movie was made for a wide audience.Not
just a specific group. Comic relief tells you to not take it so
seriously. It was meant for pure visual and audio spectacle. As Zhang's
Beijing Olympics opening. And Zhang did a great job with a script he
didn't write. He and Ang Lee are two rare directors that can transition
comfortably between east and west. All in all, I was entertained for
almost two hours without boredom. In my theater no one got up to leave.
They stayed for the ending soundtrack and credits. Everyone seems like
they could use another half an hour of film. I have never seen this
before.
