1
MacBeth mumbles and stares off into middle distance for nearly 2 hours.

When Shakespeare wrote his plays, he was writing for crowds of restless
commoners who craved entertainment. He wrote captivating, expressive
poetry for colorful characters to speak in telling magnificent and
moving stories. Unfortunately, Hollywood directors have entered a new
era of movie making where excessive lip movement or speaking above a
mumble is out of style. Anyone who has seen the Mockingjay Trilogy will
know what I mean. The words being mumbled seem to be incidental to the
opportunity to film long lingering stares, someone standing in a field
being wistful, a shot of horses grazing, curtains blowing in the wind,
someone standing on a hillside being wistful. Meanwhile, time is
passing, the audience is waiting for a story to be told but we are
faced with more and more self indulgent cinematography. Everything that
happens in this movie happens very, very slowly. Shakespeare didn't
need clever cameramen, nor did he see any theatrical value in ten
minutes of silent pondering.To make the experience even less pleasant, the sound track is someone
playing a cello with only one string. When I say "playing" I mean
whining like a petulant child, an unending drone that expresses
nothing. The sound track is awful. As for the witches, an integral
element in the story of MacBeth, they were about as interesting as
suburban Wiccans at a baby shower. Once again, mumbled words through
barely moving lips on expressionless faces made them seem more bored
than chilling as they should be. If you want to see MacBeth, try one of
the versions that came before this silly attempt to be clever.
