9
Kick-ass, entertaining and relentless throughout. This is what every sequel should aspire to be.

John Wick Chapter 2 pits Keanu Reeves' titular character against the
mean and nefarious of the criminal underworld. Once again, Reeves
proves that he is a force to be reckoned with in this ridiculous,
over-the-top sequel that is every bit as fun as the original. These
types of films are rarely known for their artistic value but John Wick:
Chapter 2 sets the bar pretty high, not only in its action, but in it's
set design and camera work. This is pure escapist entertainment and
couldn't have come at a better time. Those wanting to take a break from
watching the Oscar nominees, this film is exactly what you're looking
for.The look and feel of the film is very much in line with the first. It
is nice, vibrant colors that compliment the violence and chaos. The
sound is absolutely amazing with each gun sounding the way they should
instead of using the stock machine gun or pistol sound which is
something the original was guilty of at times. The performances are
awesome, even if Common is rehashing his Run All Night character even
down to his wardrobe. And the direction of the action sequences is
beyond impressive. This is a bigger John Wick and one that does a nice
job at expanding on this guy's world. It really becomes a pulpy and
interesting world that I'm sure we'll all enjoy a third time around.
The only issue that the film may have depends on your taste in action
films. This is considerably longer than the original (almost by 20
minutes) but it moves so fluidly and so frenetic that it barely feels
like it. Overall, John Wick: Chapter 2 is one hell of a sequel. It has
everything a sequel should have and definitely doesn't disappoint. If
you loved the first one then you're probably going to love this one. It
is a straight up, balls to the wall thrill ride that is more than worth
the price of admission.
