3
Experienced PCT hiker NOT IMPRESSED!

For the last couple years hiking on the PCT, I have heard about the
book the Wild mainly from non-hikers. I curiously watched this to see
what the fuss was about. My experience on the trail was vastly
different from the portrayal in the movie. Strayed was very
inexperienced and most of the drama stems from that. Also most PCT
hikers only really worry about the next water source, getting in their
miles, and the next resupply stop.I felt the movie did not really
capture the every day life of a PCT hiker very well brushing over
common hiker dialog and every day tasks. I will note that backpacking
has changed a lot since Strayed hiked. The gear is lighter, we use
trail runners instead of hiking boots, trekking poles, and the trail is
more popular which is good and bad. The most off putting aspect for
someone who has hiked the trail before is the locations and terrain
vary greatly from the actual trail. Sometimes I felt that Strayed got
lost her entire hike climbing over rocks at Smith Rock in Oregon. Aka
the PCT is graded for horses. What was she doing? For someone who would
like to watch this movie and recreate great memories, I found it very
difficult. The simplest way to explain it is her experience depresses
my experience. The real trail is far greater than the movie depicts.
The solo hiking women I have met on trail are very strong, independent,
and are more than capable of taking care of themselves in the wild.
There are people I have met on trail with disabilities and amazing life
stories that I think would have made a better movie.
