1
Way, WAY too much Hollywood for my taste!!! BORING!

Definitely the weakest entry in The Expendables series. Lousy acting,
and too much Hollywood invincibility it's annoying. I get that the good
guys in such action movies, almost always has to win, i get that. But
NONE of the heroes die! Not even the new, young ones, it's pathetic! No
matter how bad-ass elite soldier you are, you just cannot let, what uh
12-13 people, get away without so much as a broken arm or someone dead
or something against a whole freaking army! Even Caesar is alive at the
last scene, even though he wasn't in the whole movie almost and that
was what it was all about, revenge, but for what? This movie is so
cheesy, everything is seen and done before, but this one still doesn't
manage to kinda' make it it's own in some way. And the last battle
between Stallone and Gibson is just pathetic. Gibson kicks his ass the
first half minute, then Stalone get's the angry "now you're gonna get
it" look on, and get's those special Hollywood "hero almost looses the
battle but at the last crucial moment, gains momentum and defeats the
bad guy" powers, it's so old! Oh and then the cheesy one liner "I am
the Hauge", and then BANG Gibson's all gone and the battle is won. I
was really disappointed with this one, i actually found 1 & 2
entertaining enough if you just take them for the brainless action
movies they are. But c'mon for Christ sakes, get some variety and let
someone other than the good guys die, so it's just a little more
believable and fun to watch. If the next one is just as much Hollywood
bull crap and cheesy, then i'm done with these movies AND Stallone!
