9
A slow burning, provocative gem.

There has been next to no fanfare for the release of this murder
mystery. Which is surprising, considering the talent involved in front
of the camera (Jeremy Renner, Elizabeth Olsen) and behind it
(writer-director Taylor Sheridan). Fresh from joining the ranks of
top-tiered screenwriters after the amazing one-two punch of Sicario and
Hell or High Water, Sheridan continues his stellar run with a
heart-wrenching study of loss and grief wrapped in a taut crime
thriller narrative. Also having a crack at directing, Sheridan allows
the snowy Wyoming setting to completely envelope the characters in a
world that feels like it has no exits, both physically and emotionally.
When this Native American community is hit with a homicide it feels
like another tragedy in a long line of tragedies; their shock is
replaced with deeper sorrow, their outrage is replaced with solemn
defeat. Entering the scene like a fish out of water, Olsen's junior FBI
agent Jane Banner must traverse the tricky cultural complexities if
she's to understand the clues in front of her. Luckily she has Renner's
local hunter Cory Lambert to assist, himself battling with a past
family disaster. Renner and Olsen are both in terrific form, the former
hiding his grief under a stoic veneer, the latter balancing big-city
attitude with a genuine desire to find justice for the victim. Veteran
character actor Gil Birmingham is also superb as a father unsure of how
to deal with his earth-shattering loss. If this all sounds a bit heavy,
well it is, but Sheridan's careful to inject a healthy dose of suspense
and mild action to keep the drama gripping rather than overbearing; the
finale in particular turns the movie on its head in an unpredictable
but extremely effective manner. An intelligent, slow burning and
provocative viewing that enthrals from start to finish, Wind River is
an understated gem that deserves an audience.
