5
Oh Dear....

It has been 6 years since the release of the first Silent Hill movie
and fans have been eagerly waiting for a sequel. Now, we finally have
one, and boy is it a let down. First off, this movie isn't so terrible
as I'm making it seem. Heather Mason's cosplay was pretty accurate and
they got close with Claudia Wolfe. It did have "some" good acting in
it. It also started off good. However, the spoiling of what would have
been a good twist to those who have not played Silent Hill 3 could have
been easily done without especially since it was made in the first 15
minutes. The character Vincent was introduced well, but he said a lot
of really bold things to Heather Mason for someone that just met her
such as "I don't want anything bad to happen to you." Once the
characters made their way into Silent Hill, the story just started to
get really messy. Heather started coming out of character, there were
pop out scare tactics so cheesy even William Castle would have thought
were corny, and when Heather enters a room of mannequins, we all start
to think "Oh, looks like we're actually gonna see Pyramid Head rape
some mannequins!" Instead, we get more cheesy scare tactics and a
character written in only to be killed off almost instantaneously.
Also, our big climax was a poorly edited fight scene between Pyramid
Head and the antagonist and our protagonist just watching. Yeah. The
dorky hugging that only last a few minutes was not good enough to be
the climax of the story? And to top it off, they presented an ending
that was bland to those not fans of the game, and hysterical to those
who are. If you wanna see, be my guest. I think fans of the games would
appreciate it. If you haven't played the games, you might want to sit
this one out. It's one of those films you watch on Netflix with your
friends just to make terrible puns all through the night.
