10
Stellar Film, But Be Warned. A very Dark Tale

Yet again I find myself questioning the right of the feeble minded to
give a 1/10. The story alone warrants a higher score. The acting was
amazing, yet the monkeys with guns vote 1/10.......Rant over and so to
the film....... Told in 4 chapters it is an extremely dark, yet
compelling tale of what appears a mystery cum horror but as the tale
pans out it is actually a supremely told tale of an abusive
husband/father. A sick example of how aligning oneself with religious
beliefs gives the abuser carte blanche to carry out heinous acts upon
others, especially those closest. Inconceivable? Just think of the
catholic priests abusing children. I cannot stress enough that you need
a strong constitution to watch some of the abuses carried out. Guy
Pearce in his best role since Momentum is compelling in a role that you
cannot turn away from, in fact like a car crash, you cannot avert your
eyes to his evil deeds and Dakota Fanning clearly demonstrates her
ability to transform from a child actor to female lead in her own
right. I gave The Revenant 10/10 and genuinely I enjoyed this more so a
10/10 is a given. Even the child actors showed maturity beyond their
years to make this a faultless, absorbing story. The ending, which I
have no issue with, is a little Hollywood, with an effort to try and
tie up loose ends. I pray for the day when Hollywood realises that not
all films have to have a happy ending or a solution. Minor gripe,
stellar film and acting.
