8
A tense and unique horror film.

It Follows tells the story of a a sexual encounter gone bad. While this
whole premise feels familiar in one way or another, director David
Robert Mitchell manages to inject enough originality and genuinely
disturbing images into this scary and tense horror film that is bound
for cult glory. The film follows (no pun intended) Jay, an all American
girl from the Detroit suburbs who dreams of meeting "the one" and
having a summer love. As one would expect, it soon turns into a hellish
nightmare that ends with a looming, potentially deadly force lurking
behind every corner of her life. The film takes twists and turns
throughout the way, but the best part about this film is the sense of
dread in every scene. It weighs down as heavy as bricks until some
truly disturbing visuals make this film go from dreadful and suspense
filled to absolutely horrifying. The suspense builds and builds with
this film and when it finally releases the tensions with a scare, it
becomes almost unbearable to look at the screen without your hands in
front of your face. The performances in this film, outside Maika
Monroe, are pretty flat. This surprisingly doesn't really affect the
film as bad as you would think. There's enough of a good performance
coming from Monroe to carry this film to the finish line and then some.
My only gripe with this film is that it is really ten minutes too long
and feels as though it starts dragging in the second act. These scenes
that slow it down are not necessarily bad or poorly done, it just feels
as though Mitchell could have maybe left a bit more on the cutting room
floor. In retrospect, this is a minimal problem. This is a horror film
that is scary and truly unique. In an industry that produces crap films
with cheap scares, it is very refreshing to see one that actually takes
the genre seriously and delivers some serious scares. It is definitely
worth watching and I highly recommend it.
