1
Standards for movies have hit an all time low...

I went through 14 good reviews before coming upon the first reviewer
who didn't like this movie. We watched it because it had a 6.2 rating.
Reviewers don't seem to allow much room for really good movies when
they continue to give mediocre films such high reviews. This movie was
painful to watch and we realized this within about ten minutes. We
wanted to see how it ended because of all the implications that there
were twists. The first big problem is that there is no build up of
suspense. The creep starts out immediately as a weirdo who made me feel
uneasy. He was difficult to listen to. Both of us viewing this wanted
to escape from him, but saw it through to the end. I don't understand
reviewers who say he started as a nice guy. There were red flags all
over the place that he was an oddball. I also don't understand the
reviewers who are indicating that there is some kind of twist and that
the movie doesn't go where you think it is going. It goes exactly where
you think it is going. The cameraman is a person who doesn't listen to
that inner voice warning him. Even though he isn't stupid, he can't
bring himself to get out of Dodge when he has a good opportunity. He
also tries to be compassionate at the end. This just wasn't a very good
movie. It isn't because it's found footage that I didn't like it. It's
because the story is poorly done. I stopped the movie several times to
see how much longer it would go on. Always a bad sign! I like a good
thriller or horror movie, but this gave me an uncomfortable feeling
rather than scaring me. I couldn't wait to stop listening to the creep.
