8
Don't let the fact that you already know what happened dissuade you from watching this. I highly recommend this

"Two people took many days and weeks to plan out hate but love
responded in an instant." Tommy Saunders (Wahlberg) is a Sargent in the
BPD. He is assigned to the finish line of the 2013 Boston Marathon. As
the race is winding down the unthinkable happens and Tommy is right in
the middle of one of the worst terrorist attacks in history. Now, with
little evidence or leads Tommy, the FBI and every cop around conduct a
manhunt to try and catch those responsible. For some reason I was not
really looking forward to watching this. I think one of the reasons may
have been the fact that it is still too close to the actual events and
I remember watching it unfold on TV so I didn't think this would be
that interesting or new. That being said I couldn't have been more
wrong. The fact that this story is less than 4 years old really worked
for it because it really milked the events prior and it felt tense,
then once the bombs went off the pace really picked up and even though
you know how it ends you are still tense and on the edge of your seat.
I have said many times that there have been movies that are still able
to pull off tenseness and excitement even though you know the entire
story. This is one of those movies. Don't let the fact that you already
know what happened dissuade you from watching this. This is much better
than I was expecting and highly recommend this. Overall, tense and
exciting. I really really enjoyed this and was engrossed the entire
time. I give this an A.
