8
I'm 60, I want to have some fun, and this movie was fun

I'm 60, I want to have some fun, and this movie was fun. It put me
right in the Bourbon Room audience, blithely wearing the tasteless and
bizarre outfits that I couldn't wear because I was setting a standard
of decorum for my kids in those days, and embarrassing them was
anathema. It features a period of Rock (1987) when the genre was
flanked by inane crap "music" aimed at the 13-16 year olds I was
raising. Fortunately they didn't bite. This movie features the
memorable music of the decade that my grandson is now still honoring.
This music and that of the late 60's and early 70's helped me as a
beleaguered working mom "Rock" through a day of commutes, housework,
and culture shock. I don't "get " the focus on plot and antics that
some of the more "serious" reviewers are stroking themselves with. I
paid $8.00 and didn't fancy myself being at a rock concert or a stage
play, but I got all of that feel and more. I would have paid $30 just
to see Baldwin grunged, and desperate but hopeful. Cruise's character
looked shaky at first. But as usual, in trademark style, he starts off
blas√© and then explodes into passion and surprise. Paul Giamatti and
Zeta-Jones were fun to despise in their hypocrisy. Hough and Boneta
were fresh, talented and beautiful. Mary J. Blige (Justice Charlier)
was superb, and although I never "got" Russell Brand before, he was the
most fun of all. Leave your pretense at home. PLOT!? Yada Yada. If you
are pushin' or draggin' 60, go pig out on some Italian and party with
"Rock of Ages".
