10
An unnerving, surreal descent into religious paranoia

THE WITCH is, in a word, unsettling. Horror films don't normally have
an effect on me, much less scare me, but this one was unnerving in a
very palpable way. It's about a Puritan family who are banished from
their village for an unspecified religious offense, and subsequently
move to a location bordering a forest. While there, repeated misfortune
and isolation create the perfect storm of religious paranoia over
whether one or more of them are possessed by the devil. What THE WITCH
masterfully does is to create this tense atmosphere and maintain it
over nearly the entire length of the film. Whether it be odd/surreal
imagery, slow and deliberate camera-work, or an eerie score reminiscent
of Ligeti's "Atmospheres" (used in Kubrick's 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY),
all of it is used to brilliant effect and should be capable of rattling
even the most seasoned viewer, especially if they have a religious
background/upbringing (as I did). In fact, I sensed a lot of Kubrick
here; not just 2001, but also THE SHINING. Not surprisingly, they share
some thematic elements. The performances were also pitch perfect and
very believable for the characters the actors played and, although this
might prove hard to get by for some, they speak in period-authentic
language/accents. Ultimately, the film is rather ambiguous as to
whether or not the events occur in the manner you see them, but that's
the beauty of it: like religion itself, THE WITCH is open to
interpretation. And as such, it establishes itself (in my opinion) as
one of the best horror films of the last 10 years.
