8
Fast paced ride

Initially i was a lil skeptical about watching this one. No matter how
strong the cast of this is and especially all the previous racers and
characters coming together, it was a SEQUEL and usually they are
disappointing. But this one i bet is one of the best sequels ever..
Keeps up to the name it definitely is fast, almost throughout there is
no dull moment and you just can't afford to even blink your eye! Justin
lin has sketched each character so magnificently, that you just can't
avoid it. Great storyline and full of past paced action, Lin keeps you
guessing in this one. The action sequences look for real and
impressive. Though all the previous stars are back in this one, every
single one of them has an important role to play, and every single one
of them looks good. But YET they all look ohh so fresh.. The background
score keeps you alive, and execution spellbound. Especially the 1st
introduction seen of Shaw and the car chase on Spanish highway.. But
the showstopper is the finale, the climax on the military base. Every
actor has looked impressive, Vin diesel is impressive love struck
leader out to save his girl, Dwayne Johnson as high on muscle supercop
(resembles the role of Roadblock from GI Joe), Tyrese impresses with
his comic timing and paul walker is good.. Sung kang and Ludicrous are
great too in the performances, but What impresses me most are Michelle
Rodriguez and Luke evans as the ultimate antagonist. He looks stylish
amazing and absolutely classy in his role. Probably the best he has
looked so far. Overall, the movie keeps you stuck on the seat, and yes
there is a bit of a surprise element by the end of this one and i am
sure you would be waiting for the next installment after that.. So make
sure you do watch till the closing numbers start!!! Fast was this and
made surely someone else furious for 7!!
