3
Pretty But Vacant

Colm Toibin is a great writer. Nick Hornby is not. I have enjoyed some
of C.T.'s novels a great deal (In fact "The Heather Blazing" is a
favorite of mine.) I like his genteel style in such work. The
performances here are fine, or better than fine; it looks lovely: the
color palette, the costumes, the scenes and scenery all make for a fine
backdrop. Where it fails, and it is a major failing, is that it says
nothing of any real worth about the migrant experience. Eilis (Saoirise
Ronan) is shipped off to NYC through the assistance of her thoughtful
sister and a kindly priest. (In a good performance by Jim Broadbent as
Father Flood.) Up until an easily predicted plot development the
difficulties faced by our heroine are a bout of seasickness, the need
for 30 seconds training in her new job as a shop assistant, and a touch
of homesickness. While I'm happy to see women succeed, there would have
been far more dirt under the fingernails of all of these women. Apart
from the minor matter of losing her virginity, Eilis could indeed be
the sainted mother of God. It all suffers from Nick Hornby blandness.
Everything he touches turns to bland. My advice: stay away from his
cooking and, more importantly, his "creative" projects. This is not
meant to be an art house atmospheric enigma, nor is it, but it fails to
involve solely because of a threadbare plot that avoids detailing the
threadbare aspects of lives led by women who were, in reality, the
working poor.
