9
Barnabas Collins is a real vampire

Dark Shadows is one of the 5 films I have been eagerly awaiting to see
this summer and was very excited when I got a pre-screening pass to see
it just a day ago. (I've seen The Avengers, too, so that's already 2
out of the list.) After seeing it last night, I couldn't decide what I
thought about certain elements of it until this morning. When a film
stays in my head, I know it's made an impression and again, Tim and
Johnny have done just that. I can "replay" most of the movie in my
head. Everyone is the way you'd expect their character to be and they
are all excellent in their roles. They've made a film that will appeal
to a wide range of audiences. When Barnabas hypnotizes someone, you
believe he's doing it. Johnny is amazing, again! The sex scenes, such
as they are, imply rather than show anything, but the expressions on
Barnabas' and Angelique's faces tell you a lot. The story is (ahem)
fleshed out rather nicely as everything is explained in due time and
you're not hit over the head with stupid jokes. There is a good balance
of humor and drama and even a bit of sweetness when Barnabas is with
Victoria Winters (but not the kind that is sappy). Barnabas does reveal
who his to Elizabeth but how this transpires and what it leads to is
interesting and not played for laughs. Michelle "gets" Elizabeth and
even her false eyelashes are a nod to the original TV show actress'
look. The costumes! Colleen Atwood has done it again. 'Nuf said. There
are Sleepy Hollow-like elements in the use and look of the blood, the
horror elements (like when he kills) and can I mention the fangs? They
come out when he's about to dine. They're marvelous! I will probably
see this again with some friends as I'd like to see Dark Shadows in
IMAX because, heck, IMAX is wonderful. My recommendation: Go see it!
9/10
