1
Not a movie, but an ideological brainwash

I'm surfing TV channels. Get to MUCH TV and a movie starts right away.
Had it not been for the announcement "THE FOLLOWING IS BASED ON A TRUE
STORY", I'd have never wasted my time watching this crap. But I am glad
I did! It was quite a revelation to witness a sign of the times. The
movie is made, and passed off as a true story, for no other purpose
than to further strengthen religion, i.e., superstition, by the dent of
Hollywood across the world, in general, and in an already
religious-ridden country, that is, the USA, in particular. It is made
by the same hands that, for example, for the eight years during the
rein of George W. Bush, the American Dark Ages, put a ban on stem cell
research, the future hope of medical science and therefore humanity,(an
executive order Obama had to cancel within ours of coming into the
White House)just to gain the votes of the religious right; the same
hands that are bringing religion back in a myriad of ways and putting
it smack in the middle of our educational, scientific, judicial, etc.,
institutions; by the same hands that are passing "freedom of religion"
("freedom", as true as this story,indeed!)bills in state after state;
by the same hands that are robbing us of our secular system of
government, i.e., the separation of church and state; by the same hands
that, in nut shell, are bent on, and, unfortunately, succeeding in,
dragging the world to the brink of barbarism and eventual destruction.
With globalization no more classical world-wars are possible. But
religion, hand in glove with barbarism throughout history,is even a
more efficacious weapon to do just that. Within the said context, "THE
FOLLOWING IS BASED ON A TRUE STORY", indeed!
