3
Playing it safe and boring

I don't care for cred-ability, and I don't need explanations to why she
developed taste for blood, or why there's no teachers nowhere to be
found while teens crawling around bleeding and snorting at rave
party's. That cannibalism run in the family? Or some other subtext
stuff you notice throughout.for this type of wannabe-different film it needs a lot more to grab my
attention then some Girls bickering, and to get all the more intimate
things we humans do, waxing, BJ, jerking off, pissing or whatnot. I
noticed all the high rollin Reviews here so I thought I even it out.
For me this is just Another typical french, (how can we compete with
inside and martyrs.) kind of Movie. I myself found it boring. It's
fictional World works like battle royale or a bad version of Caspar
Noe's into the void. which ever could just pulled outta 12 Gage and
killed somebody and no one would blink. I love decadent and artsy slow
burn Movies, but this isn't one of them. So in the end you don't care
for none of the characters in raw, because its build around a craving
for flesh that runs in the family but it doesn't lead anywhere except
they go to the same school as they parents did.. But yeah.. I hated
martyrs too.. A anorectic girl trying to scare.. Doesn't matter how
high the gross volume is. I find it utter garbage without that final
piece of the puzzle. The Music here also didn't click for me. RAW Is
not all bad., I would have liked it more but It's to self-aware. Take
the scene when her sister laps the cheek, it plays very sad and
dramatic Music in the background, Like it is supposed we should care
about the cannibalistic girl finding her inner self facing her demons
just to in the end keep on finding a new school? education? what's
next? Do the parents starts to serve flesh every Friday?
