7
not a masterpiece but interesting

The movie is slow, ambiental, and the moral of it is missed by other
comments, at least so far, so this is my take on it, before someone
else does it better - my first review. I must agree with some of the
other comments about the unmotivated name-dropping throughout the movie
(listing historical figures main characters interacted with, inspired,
or have been inspired by). That could have been done more casual, since
Jim Jamrusch audience doesn't need to be baby fed. I didn't have a
problem with the fact that the movie develops slowly, perhaps it suited
me fine on a rainy Sunday evening I went to see it. Anyhow the cast for
this is great, I expected nothing less from Tilda in this role, however
Tom Hiddlestom, whom I see for the first time was also great, but I
could not decide if the fact he reminds me to Adrien Brody in this role
is good or not. Picking Detroit for the shooting site of better part of
the film is also a great idea. As for the chemistry between the two
lovers, I didn't really buy into it, even though it wasn't completely
unconvincing, maybe that's just me, or maybe that wasn't the main idea
despite the title. And finally the end of the movie brings a change in
pace, where we see that once they run out of blood supply all the
morality, tranquility, and intellect are stripped off the main
characters (much like the human behavior they criticize more than
once), and they become what they are hungry vampires (humans).
