7
The Ultimate Movie Review! - http://tss5078.blogspot.com - @tss5078

Arnold is back, and at 67 years old he hasn't missed a beat. Sabotage
is the Governor's third starring role since returning from his stint in
politics, and it's easily his best one to date. Schwarzenegger stars as
Breacher, the commander of an elite DEA swat team, who agrees to help
his under appreciated team take part in the theft of millions of
dollars, from a top cartel boss. The heist goes relatively smoothly,
but when the team goes to retrieve their money, they discover that one
of them double crossed the rest and had stolen the pay day. Everyone is
upset and trying to figure out who it was, when the cartel shows up
looking for retribution. As the cartel picks off the team one by one,
the remaining members have to ban together to try and stop them, except
this time, they have to do it knowing that one of them is a trader.
Arnold isn't doing the crazy stunts or fighting scenes that he's become
synonymous for, he's in more of a leadership role in this film, but
he's still the man when it comes to action films. Here he's paired with
the Killing's Mireille Enos, who as the only female member of the team,
gives an amazing performance. I'm used to her always playing these
quiet, reserved, troubled characters, and it was a real treat to see
her break out as the wild girl on a team full of men. Sabotage is the
rarest of Action films, as it is one with a great storyline, that is as
gripping as any drama. The film isn't just about killing people and
blowing things up, it has plenty of that, but in the case of Sabotage,
there is a reason for all of it, and this film will really keep you on
the edge of your seat.
