8
Fun action for the family

I saw a screening of this last night with a friend and to be honest I
wasn't expecting much. From the previews I had seen, I wasn't going to
spend money on this. So Time Warner offers me two free tickets, I
invite a friend and we go and watch this. I was presently surprised
after watching this. I remember some of the Lone Ranger comics and
remember seeing small clips and my dad telling me stories about it but
I never actually saw a show. I enjoyed this movie, it reminded me of
fun action with the family. The violence wasn't ridiculous where you
couldn't bring children to watch it but authentic enough to know not to
try it at home. I saw in an interview that Armie did all the stunts and
you can tell. His work on making the character honorable, noble and
pretty much a decent human being was very well portrayed. Johnny Depp
steals the show with his one liners, a few times I just started
laughing at the comments he would make. Overall i'd give this movie an
8/10. Well written, excellent character development, you actually care
for them and a great job with the actors and the acting. What I really
enjoyed about the movie was that the special effects didn't look too
fake. Yeah a few scenes you may have been like yeah right in your head
but unlike Fast and the Furious 6, the special effects people on this
project do a great job keeping it looking realistic. Bring your family
to watch this, a great story of an iconic character. Hopefully this is
the start to more because I wouldn't mind watching a sequel or two.
