9
The life of Adele

This year's Palm d'Or winner is a coming of age story about a teenage
girl, Adele (the literal title in French is The Life of Adele), who
discovers her homosexuality and begins a relationship with Emma, a
college student. For a while, I was thinking this was a good but fairly
unremarkable entry into the queer cinema canon, but, over the film's
three hours, well, you see why the long running time was necessary. It
is just a very detailed picture of a life. It feels more real than most
films - it feels like more time has past and that we've just felt
Adele's growth. Frankly, I didn't feel the length of it at all - I
wanted it to be longer. It really helps that the actresses are so
perfect. Adele Exarchopoulos is simply fantastic - this is the
performance of the year, really. Her face is so expressive. The film
takes place over several years, and you really do see her grow from a
child to an adult. Lea Seydoux plays Emma. Her role is less demanding,
but she's still great in it. Now, the biggest story of this film has
probably been the graphic sex scenes. My opinion on them: I actually do
think they're a bit too graphic, gratuitous and almost pornographic. I
try to justify them artistically in my mind, and I'm afraid I can't.
There's a plot point near the end where you kind of have to know that
the girls' sex life was fantastic, but I'm not sure we had to see it in
anywhere near as much detail as we did. They're without a doubt awkward
to sit through, but they don't ruin the film either.
