9
"The Gift" lives up to its title in the best way possible

The 90's was the golden age of highly stylized stalker thrillers with
flicks like Basic Instinct, Single White Female and The Hand That Rocks
the Cradle, and the actor-turned-director Joel Edgerton hearkens back
to those films with his directorial debut The Gift. In The Gift, young
charismatic Simon runs into an old high school acquaintance named
Gordon, and after a painfully awkward conversation, they go their
separate ways. Simon's wife, Robyn, thinks it's just a chance
encounters while Simon wants nothing to do with "Gordo the Weirdo."
Gordon then slowly starts inserting himself into their lives and brings
to light secrets about Simon's life, and Robyn realizes that she
doesn't know who her husband really is. The thing that makes The Gift
so unpredictable is the ambiguity of the villain. Initially, we think
that Gordon is the villain since we seem him suddenly become too clingy
and start stalking the couple, but as the plot progresses, Gordon
reveals several secrets about Simon that make Simon seem like the true
villain. Each secret revealed about Gordon and Simon twists the plot
even further but not so much that it causes the film to meander through
its story. This is a very controlled movie. None of the suspense comes
from big chase sequences or any real action; it's the revelations about
the characters that keeps you on the edge of your seat. The Gift is a
surprisingly well-crafted and intense thriller film that feels like a
throwback to the best 90's stalker flicks.
