8
What are the other reviewers talking about?

OK - so this is a major re-working of Snow White and in fact you could
say that it is an entirely different story...bar the principle
character names. But to read some of the comments here would be to be
mis-led in the extreme in my terribly humble opinion. Not being a huge
Ms Roberts fan I was unsure as to how I would react to her as a
dominant player in fable setting - but she was capable and trod a fine
line between villainy and comedy that worked. Of the other characters -
as has been noted Snow White stole the show and was a capable lead and
will doubtless go on to far grander things. But the actors delivering
the Dwarf story-line were also in keeping with the piece - OK not
hugely polished but capable of delivering in the contexts of fantasy.
But the real reason for leaving this review is really because of my
kids - they loved it. They were scared, amused, excited and involved
throughout the film and left having sat through the credit dance
sequence first. And frankly it is a film aimed more at them than most
reviewers here. So let's not be too sniffy about "truth" or
"thespianism" or indeed "realism" - this is a young persons film and
looked great, didn't patronise them and had some great ideas brought to
life - not always successfully but with a touch of humour and
imagination so in my book it's a winner and not to be judged too
harshly.
