8
Unique, intriguing and elegant. This is clearly the work of experts.

The only Guiseppe Tornatore film I've seen is Cinema Paradiso which is
an absolute masterpiece. It surprises me that he was only in his early
30s when he directed it as the film already showed the work of an
expert, given that his other films aren't as notable. The Best Offer,
with its tight screenplay, lush sets, brilliant performance by Geoffrey
Rush and beautiful score by Ennio Morricone, also exemplifies the
sophisticated expertise filmmaking. It's refreshing to see a film with
a unique universe grounded in the culture of our own with some
bizarrely specific themes. While my only complaint is that the dialogue
has this very "written" quality about it that is near impossible to
deliver in a natural way, it's at least consistent throughout.The story is constantly intriguing, held together by a Hitchcockian
mystery feeling, and always pays off in a unique way. I'm not one for
"old man and young girl romance" stories as they're rarely without
uncomfortable perversion but The Best Offer completely justifies it
with its well developed characters and themes. However, what makes this
film so special and strange is the dramatic turn in the third act.
Heartbreaking not only for the characters but for the audience that the
film changes so drastically. But this is what made the film stick with
me so much. It's wonderful to have a film that you toss and turn in
your head, trying to figure out what it's all about. I can't divulge as
anybody who hasn't seen it will be spoiled. Just go watch one of the
best offers 2013 cinema has in store so far.8/10
