1
Horrible

I warning you all right now SPOILER ALERT. So one might believe that
this film would be about lightning feeling bad after his big wreck and
wanting to train and work hard to beat the car that made him feel that
way but no it's about him training while everyone is tearing him down
with the excessive old age jokes, and telling him that he will never be
fast enough to beat the car who caused him to feel that way in the
first place but despite that lightning continues to train and failing
at every point which by this time who would think he would see some
progress but no it's quite the opposite he gets slower and the cherry
on it all toward the end of the movie it's the big race against the
character Storm so lightning starts the race after the first lap he
quits and sends in this flat character Cruz to take lightning's number
and finish the race despite the character Cruz has no racing experience
and she magically beats all the new racers including lightning's rival
Storm but it gets worse after the race lightning retires from
racing(despite throughout the whole movie him saying that he will never
retire) and lightning becomes Cruz's coach. It gave no closure to
lightning's story and not to mention the character Doc is dead without
any explanation but magically the truck that trained Doc and was older
than Doc was still alive which again makes no sense. So to sum it up
lightning retires and becomes a defeatist. Don't watch unless you want
your kids to be disappointed.
