1
Sing is Garbage

An admittedly glossy, but shallow, heartless, empty, and pandering mess
of cinema, Sing is the 7th hit in a row for Illumination. Because with
budgets as low as 631 million dollars, they'd really have to mess up to
somehow make their money up and then some. While Minions is god awful,
Sing seems to actually be somewhat liked by audiences. Who these people
are, I have no idea. But IMDb and Rotten Tomatoes scores do indicate
that plenty of people do very much enjoy the film, so let me try and
explain to you why I think Sing is actually a terrible, awful,
manipulative piece of crap. Have you ever seen The X Factor, and have
you ever seen an animal? If you've answered "yes", you've basically
seen Sing. Structurally, it has a bizarre setup, because there isn't
really a single main character as there is...an ensemble of different
characters who are all given just about the same amount of screen time,
each with their own little side-plots that offer nothing more than
vague stereotypes that all fit into the most trite movie clich√©s you
could ever imagine. You have the Koala, voiced by Matthew McConaughey,
whose business is struggling and desperately wants to succeed at his
dreams of producing a popular show, because his dead father worked hard
to get him to where he is now; There's the pig, voiced by Reese
Witherspoon, who's a dedicated mother of 24, who never got to live her
dreams of becoming a pop star because she had to look after her kids.
Also, her husband works so hard, he basically ignores her. There's the
arrogant mouse, voiced by Seth MacFarlane, who's undeniably talented,
whose motivation is purely monetary. There's the edgy
teenager/porcupine, voiced by Scarlett Johansson, punk rock rebel, who
has dreams of becoming a singer and producing her own music. Then
there's the shy elephant, voiced by Tori Kelly, who dreams of being a
singer, but can't get over her stage fright, which keeps holding her
back. Then there's my favorite, the gorilla, voiced by Taron Egerton,
who dreams of being a singer, but is held back by his dad who's in a
gang, who robs banks, and is a wanted criminal. Now, apart from them
all having the same exact dream of wanting to be a famous singer, what
do you notice about all of these characters? Apart from being plain
horrible, you'll notice that every one of these characters represents a
demographic with a stereotype. Young children have the stupid fat pig
character, voiced by Nick Kroll, who's just funny and random. The
mothers have the other pig character, who's a relatable mother and,
wow, isn't it really hard being a mother? Edgy teenage girls can relate
to the porcupine who's having boyfriend trouble, and hates wearing
anything with color. Edgy teenage boys can relate to the gorilla, who
has father issues, and also appeals to those who want to rebel against
what your parents say. Shy and reserved people have the elephant
character who also happens to have a really stereotypical black family?
Then the remaining characters appeal to everyone else, purely because
they're cute or because they have vague motivations as us. Point is,
everyone is covered, I don't think there's a single type of person
who's missing a blatant, simplistic, unsubtle representation. And this
movie takes it to the next level, as well, by applying the concept to
the very plot itself. Everyone dreams of being a pop star, it's why The
X Factor was so popular. So adapting that idea into a movie makes a lot
of sense if you want to capture the most simplistic, predictable,
general audience possible. So, the majority of the movie is dedicated
to animating a bunch of trendy pop songs, that everyone is guaranteed
to know at least one of. The segment most people know from this movie
is the "funny" and "hilarious" audition scene in all of the trailers.
Come to think of it, this film is basically an
hour-and-47-minute-trailer. It has about as much plot and character
progression as your average trailer does. And you can tell that certain
scenes were specifically designed to be workable into a trailer. You
know what, I don't even need to explain. Here's some videos for u;
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBe1hXRNi4g
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OiDMJ-MstqQ Your welcome...
