10
A Stunning, Psychological Portrait of Glamorous Trama

Throughout the history of cinema, there have been countless biopics of
famous figures that deify their subjects and disregard faults in fear
of tainting the idol they have so perfectly sculpted. In Jackie,
however, Pablo Larrain subverts genre expectations in favor of a
haunting psychological portrait of a woman caught in a terrifying piece
of history. Famous images of Jacqueline Kennedy in her pink Chanel suit
have lingered in the public's collective memory for years, but here,
Larrain allows viewers to experience the week following JFK's
assassination from the perspective of the woman who held his dying body
in her arms. It's shot in an episodic, frantic format that replicates
the psychological turmoil of post-traumatic stress as the line between
past and present blurs. One ghostly scene in particular - soundtracked
by Mica Levi's eerie score - follows Jackie as she wanders the White
House in isolation, exploring various rooms and eventually falling
asleep alone as a widow for the first time. The film's central
performance by Natalie Portman will no doubt gain great attention for
its dedication to every last nuance of Jackie Kennedy's mannerisms and
voice, but the real success rests in Portman's relentless and layered
conveyance of emotion throughout the film. She does not allow the
iconic figure to become a one-dimensional reflection of the public's
memory, but allows viewers to witness the conflicted feelings of
nostalgia, grief, isolation, and tenacity that Kennedy experienced. The
film successful solidifies the lingering of Kennedy's melancholic face
as a fleeting vision set across the 60s horizon, luminous and bruised
at once, but enduring through history.
