1
Terrible "film".

The Last Witch Hunter looks like a pointless mix of "Blade" (very
cool), "Hellboy" (very very cool), "The Highlander" (classic),
"Constantine" (very good), "The Priest" (worse), "Max Payne" (worst)
and the other Gothic-, horror- and fantasy-like movies. The main
problem is that the authors put some boring CGI in every scene for no
reason. The second is the cast: it is hard to imagine Vin Diesel in the
role of a 800-year old immortal hunter. To be honest: the start is
hopeful (thanks to the "13th warrior"...). In the intense first scene
he's wearing some badass hair, beard and costume, but in the rest of
the movie he is more looking like some Armani-model from a fashion
show. He is talking, walking and acting like Dom Toretto. Which means
his suffering is unbelievable too. Despite I think Vin is a likable
actor and I've really liked him as Riddick. But this character just
isn't his type. The others - the young witch, the old witch, the young
priest, the old priest - and the whole imaginary world are totally
sketchy. Even if they've tried to copy a lot of computer games (for
example The last of Us) the result is awful. Very colorful and
nice-looking, but empty. And finally: the writers and the script. There
is no need for words... The only good thing about the film is Michael
Caine: he is funny and good as always. I have a question to the
director (the guy who directed the impressive The crazies) Breck
Eisner: Why did you do this and why?! You're not Uwe Boll, so stop
doing this! No offense. ;)
