10
A mind blowing, twisted film that just solidified itself as one of the best films of the year.

"You may be done with the past but the past isn't done with you.", one
of the many creepy and subtly sinister lines out of Joel Edgerton's
brilliant directorial debut. The Gift is the definition of a sleeper
hit. It has all the right things going for it, a great cast, a great
script and the potential to be a future classic. What starts off as a
slow burn thriller, giving the audience enough expos√® to make us really
connect with these characters and sympathize with every single one of
them then slowly turns into a new age Pacific Heights. The film pits
Simon and Robyn, two newlyweds that have just bought a house in Simon's
hometown. While out shopping, Simon runs into Gordo, a guy from his
high school days that is a bit off and at that moment, the film takes
off and we're given enough twists and turns to constitute this as
shocking to say the least. Actor and, now, director Joel Edgerton
knocks this film out of the park, making this a home run for it being
his directorial debut. Hell, if this was his tenth film, it'd be a home
run. Edgerton directs his screenplay and actors with such confidence,
you'd think Adrian Lynn directed it. The three leads in Jason Bateman,
Rebecca Hall and Joel Edgerton couldn't be more perfect. Bateman
delivers a career best performance, ditching his recent string of light
comedies and applying his condescending attitude towards the yuppie
entitlement in Simon. Rebecca Hall, who has yet to deliver a bad
performance in my eyes, makes this no exception. She's fantastic in
this film. Joel Edgerton also proves extremely eerie as Gordo and for
someone to pull off the perfect trifecta such as Edgerton, it puts him
in the same league as Ben Affleck. This is a fantastically twisted
potboiler film that needs to be seen. The Gift stands as single
handedly the best film of the summer and one of the very best of the
year.
