8
There is no paradise in Earth. Paradise is just another form of hell.

Understandably, the film wakes much rejection. A quick view or not
reflective enough can mislead us to believe that it is superficial. On
the contrary, Harmony Korine's film is a bitter satire (at times
cynical) about the American youth culture and, in large part, global.
The shallowness of the characters is deliberate. The three crazy
travelers do evil in pure boredom, the banality of evil is presented
here in an ironic contrast to the free and unlimited sexuality and drug
use, the Holy Grial of these girls. At times, the three chicks seem the
witches of Macbeth, messengers of death and emptiness. Harmony Korine
is a moralist, his film denounces the horror that lurks behind the
glamour of drugs and free love. But Korine delivers his message with a
style that copies and reproduces the mechanisms of fashion, so that a
teenager is attracted yet shocked by what you see on the screen.
Watching this movie, it is impossible not to remember Less Than Zero,
the novel that enabled Bret Easton Ellis earn his place under the
California sun. The state of affairs is certainly catastrophic for
Korine: a. The pursuit of happiness is reduced to get lost in a
perpetual orgy. b. The perpetual orgy is slightly threatened only by
religious zealots as the only challenging force. c. No more parents and
adults, no more institutions concerned with the physical and mental
health of its citizens. d. Youngsters' paradise is depicted as one of
the many faces of hell.
