2
Tried to watch this, but...

basically, it was unwatchable; 45 minutes into it I gave up;
admittedly, I could tell after the first 10 minutes (i.e. after the
prologue retelling of the original fairy tale) that I wasn't the target
demographic or audience but that's no excuse (IMO) for the awful
spectacle of ugly old women being gruesomely murdered by a handsome man
& largely skin-tight leather-clad (which showcases her generally
straddling - and ample - thighs) young woman clearly enjoying their
'job'; it felt to me like watching mediaeval Bonny & Clyde type psychos
with serious granny issuesnor was there any excuse for such a poor
plot-line and almost complete absence of wit in the script. I'm all in
favour of updated 'takes' of traditional tales and spinning out
alternative story lines on classics - but creatively; otherwise it's
just a disservice to a tale which teaches children about
self-empowerment in terrible circumstances (courtesy of the extensive
work of Bruno Bettelheim, we have an understanding now of the
importance of traditional fairy tales, even those which are
traditionally gruesomebut FOR A REASON!) and when they have NO
weaponry, with only their wits to defend themwhat a travesty of THAT
teaching, this is.the only 'redeeming' aspects are the contributions
of the Art Department, otherwise the lowest review I've given any
movie, ever, and to which I'll add a resounding UGH!!!
