8
Looking at vampires through new eyes

Taika Waititi and Jemaine Clement seem to understand misfits. Waititi
explored them in his first two films, Eagle vs Shark and Boy, and
Clement's partnership with Bret McKenzie as Flight of the Conchords was
an object lesson in not fitting in. Their early works were loved both
here and abroad. Between them, Waititi and Clement have been nominated
at the Grammys, the Emmys and the Oscars, hardly a pedigree to be
sniffed at. I guess the domestic appeal of this is born of New Zealand
being a strange little country down the bottom of the world, whose
national bird doesn't fly, who dared stand up to the Americans and say
"No Nukes", and which has been the backdrop for some of the hugest
blockbusters of recent years. We're proud of our strangeness. The
international appeal is perhaps due in part to the same thing, our
unique individuality. I guess, coming from a pair of inveterate
misfits, What We Do in the Shadows, an exploration of vampires who live
among humans, but are intrinsically not living humans themselves, is a
natural growth of themes already explored. As this film explores
vampire tropes with fresh eyes, it gives, as well, a poignant look at
the value of exploring past beliefs, hurts, losses and prejudices anew
and seeing what can grow. As each of us age, it becomes easier to get
stuck in our ways, how much more so for vampires whose age is counted
not in decades but centuries. For Viago, Vladislav, Deacon, and Petyr
there are many challenges. Viago faces the classic immortal's dilemma;
his beloved growing old without him. Vladislav has a beast from the
past which could rear its head again. Deacon faces the challenge of
meeting a new generation and realising his own youth is slipping away.
Petyr is growing ever more ancient, and is working to create a legacy.
From these challenges come a fresh look at relationships between old
enemies, at the cost of indiscretion, at unfulfilled promises and at
the need to sometimes sacrifice your own desires out of genuine
affection for another. This is a quirky film, slightly disjointed in
places. But it delights in its lo-fi quirk right from the very 1970's
looking "New Zealand Documentary Board" credit at the beginning.
There's plenty of laughs to be had. It won't be everyone's cup of tea,
it might be hard for some to follow, but there's entertainment to be
found here for all. And now to the reviewer's bias. My grandmother,
with whom I attended the Wellington premi√®re. Ethel Robinson assured me
leading up to the movie that hers would be a very small part. It was,
but it was a very necessary component part. And she filled it
admirably, as did each of the performers in this piece. From the
puzzled police, the frustrated familiar, the affable alpha-wolf, all
the way to the venerable vampires themselves, no-one seemed out of
place in this gentle comedy. Though it is about the undead, you can
feel the warm heart beating below the surface of What we do in the
Shadows, a film which will leave you thinking about vampires, and maybe
about the world too, in a new way.
