5
Probably not a spy franchise starter but mildly enjoyable

The novels by Vince Flynn create a compelling character that hopes to
transfer to cinema as some of his other spy predecessors have before.
Mitch Rapp (Dylan O'Brien) has an interesting origin story that is
controversial in this day and age and glossed over quite a lot in the
film. In a brutal opening scene, Rapp experiences awful tragedy while
vacationing on a beach in Spain with his fiancé to whom he just
purposed. Terrorists invade the beach and kill his fiancé and shoot
him. The story jumps forward 18 months where Rapp is in a dark place,
training at MMA and shooting at the gun range. I have only read the
first part of the first book but could already spot significant
differences that change the tone of the story and make Rapp out to be a
little more of a loose cannon than a future secret agent.Somehow, his odd behavior and fraternizing with terrorists leads him to
a cell that the CIA could not find. He is about to attack when a task
force swoops him to save him. Irene Kennedy (Sanaa Lathan) has been
watching Rapp and decided that he would be perfect for a secret program
known as Orion. After interrogating him for a few days, she takes him
out to a secret training facility in Virginia led by the older spy Stan
Hurley (Michael Keaton). The major plot starts to develop as nuclear
material goes missing and a renegade American spy Ghost (Taylor Kitsch)
is seen making mysterious deals. Ghost was trained by Hurley and hold a
grudge against his former tutor.Check out more of this review and others at swilliky.com
