10
An Honest and Emotionally Devastating Film about Life, Love and Sexuality

I just want to start off by saying this is an amazing film about young
love that is actually honest with its audience. There are countless of
films about people falling in love, but when you see "Blue is the
Warmest Colour". You realize just how rare films are that make a
sincere attempt to catch what it really is like to fall for someone,
without sentimentality, forced cuteness or cheap emotional
manipulation. This is the rare love story that has real emotional truth
about it. The fact that it is about two women who fall for each other
is almost secondary to the way the film catches the universality of
what it is like to fall in love and maintain the relationship. "Blue is
the Warmest Colour is a naturalistic and touching film, whether you're
gay, straight, bisexual, or whatever orientation. This is a film that
can give you relationship advice and life guidance no matter what your
orientation may be. It isn't an indulgent film bringing only a unique
gay relationship to light and nothing more, and it isn't an ode to
"coming out" and stockpiled clich√©s of "being different." It shows how
an interaction with a person can have a truly provocative impact on you
as a person.The struggles between the two lovers is depicted in breathtaking
detail. The director masterfully captures all of the turmoil and
hardship going on between Adele's and Emma's relationship. The movie's
long running time does not effect the film at all because you are so
immersed into their characters. The sexual realization of Adele is
perfectly shown in the movie. She is confused and doesn't know what she
wants, it is a typical teenage problem. This movie is ultimately about
Adele and her struggles to find her true self. The transformation that
she experiences is utterly engrossing to watch. The film's nearly three
hour running time is devoted to showing the growth of her character and
it is absolutely amazing to watch it unfold right in front of your
eyes.The intimate scene's between Adele and Emma are nothing short of
miraculous in their depth and their honesty. The conversations are
heartfelt, and the pain is evident and shared. It's realism of the
world we live in is honest and raw.The movie owes so much of it's emotional power to its two fantastic
actresses. They really bring it their all in this. I've never had
doubts of these two performances, the characters felt like real people
and you felt so much for their relationship. Their emotional hardships
feel completely real. The character's flaws and insecurities feel so
authentic because you actually believe them as real human beings. We
never lose sight of their chemistry and devotion to one another, even
in the most difficult of times. The two of them are like fireworks,
waiting to explode out. I cannot recommend this film enough to those of
you out there who are interested in seeing this. This is one of the
wisest and least condescending films I've seen this year. I
congratulate the director, Abdellatif Kechiche and the two actresses,
Adele Exarchopoulos and Lea Seydoux for an emotional and spiritual
journey that had me compelled to the screen for 179 glorious minutes.
