5
It looks nice but the plot holes are big as black holes.

First off, I would like to say, the movie looked very interesting. It
was pretty to watch and well done but that was about it. I also want to
specially point out how horrible acting actor Asa Butterfield did
playing Jake. I mean, when he needed to show emotion it was like a
youtube video actor without any previous emotional actor training. The
story started off good with some sciency stuff explaining it til the
Jake came across the home for Peculiar children. I get the fact that it
is still a fantasyish and I know how Tim Burtons movies are most of the
time but the plot holes here was soo big and so frustrating they were
not ignorable. I mean the movie starts off, like I said, trying to
explain the powers of the kids which gets you interested but towards
the middle they just completely give up on explaining them and
everything is more fantasy then Harry Potter. I wouldn't mind fantasy
if you didn't sell it as a interesting sci-fi superpower movie.
However, the children has some amazing powers and their enemies are
obviously inferior to their powers but still, infuriatingly for
example, a kid that is strong as an elephant wont fight because she is
a kid, Miss Peregrine wont go back in time (her power) to get
everything better. Towards the end there a couple battles and for a
lack of a better word are utterly childish with stupid solutions and
IDIOTIC conclusions. This movie had amazing potential but screwed up
with its plot holes and inconsistensy in its storyline.
