8
A former Chinese soldier out for vengeance for his daughter changes the equation in a political intrigue involving the Irish Scottish Deputy Minister

This is a dark, and gritty political action thriller featuring Jackie
Chan. Chan is surprisingly good as a grizzled father out for vengeance,
and you could completely overlook the fact that he used to play comical
action heroes. Chan's demeanor portrays the vulnerability, heartbreak,
and repressed anger of a parent. His character can be compared to a
combination of Jackie Chan because of his acrobatic stunts, Liam
Neeson's Bryan Mills for his dogged determination and questionable
tactics, and Jason Bourne for his ability to outfox his opponents.
Pierce Brosnan, the former James Bond actor, is a perfect antagonist to
Chan. He plays a politician who has to resolve the problem or he will
receive consequences from all sides. In fact, his character was as
likable as Chan, but in the scenes where he is with Jackie Chan, Chan
dominates every take. Acting-wise, this is a great surprising coming
from actors not known for dramatic roles, yet both leads (especially
Jackie Chan) manages to keep a gripping performance that makes the
audience rooting and feeling sympathetic for them till the very end.
The action scenes are reminiscent of the Bourne series. They are
brutal, and grounded. There are scenes of Chan's trademark acrobatic
and improvisional fighting style, but they look brutal and deadly. The
filming of the fight scenes is also similar to Paul Greengrass's work,
but is more effective and less nauseating than in the Bourne Supremacy.
Another interesting aspect of the movie is that the theme is very dark,
and grim for a Jackie Chan movie. It is a very smooth transition for
Chan from comical action hero to straight action heroes. I look forward
to more interesting works like this from Jackie Chan.
