9
Behold... A Prehistoric Age Where Humans Still Live... Apparently For Now!

The Croods, a name most bizarre to be given as a title of a movie, but
the content, just fantastic! I may even add to say that Dreamworks has
lived up to its expectations in delivering exceptionally amazing
animated movies and their latest release, The Croods is no exception.
The story begins by introducing us to a rather diverse family of a
couple, their three children and an old grandmother(who just wouldn't
die) and setting is a prehistoric age where they are supposedly the
only living humans. The movie then goes on to bring an extra character
just named "Guy" and his sidekick Belt(an animal) who goes on to
proclaim that the end of the world is near and their only hope for
survival was to aim for the mountains far ahead. A simple plot it seems
no doubt, but the way the movie was crafted was just fantastic and if
that wasn't enough, you might actually find yourself laughing a couple
of times no matter what age you might be of. There might be many movies
out there to be watched but "The Croods" is a film which is guaranteed
to be enjoyed. It might not be the best film out there, but it
certainly is a great one which has its own comedic and adventurous
moments, a movie for the whole family out there and to all those who
prefer watching it in 3-D, the effects are seriously good in this film
and your choice would be a valid one. All in all, no matter what age
you may be, "The Croods" might just bring back a smile or a few
memories of those old childhood fantasies where anything was possible.
