5
Poor choice to put out.

After waiting 10 years for the next installment of horror movies that i
LOVED, this movie was utterly disappointing. The. movie begins in
between 1 & 2 somehow, still placed at night like the first one didn't
end in the morning after the creeper took Darry and took his eyes and
killed him. I don't see how he magically got time to take Darry, fly
away, take his eyes out after carving his head out, stealing his truck
back, all in one night? I don't get how. They made him entirely too
"human" like. He seems to have lost his monsterness when it comes to
being the creeper from the first film. Also, his new uniform is
disgusting for lack of better words. He is not the same creeper who was
as ruthless as in the first one, not as menacing and really just not
the same overall. How was he so terrifying in the first two movies,
using all his own weapons with no sign of any attachments to his truck
besides the cow attachment but somehow he has upgraded?? he was enough
of a monster before to where he just needed it to get around and make
his way to and from his hideout. They made this movie "funny" and to
me, that is a bad bad sign, because this movie isn't even supposed to
be funny. there was more love story than it was finding out who the
creeper really was or is. only hints, that weren't really hints were
dropped. You didn't find out any new information, just rehashed info we
have gotten from the first two-- "every 23rd spring he gets to eat",
which we already knew. OK? i don't know where they are going to go from
here, but i am very, very upset.
