1
7.2 out of 10? That's funnier than the movie!

Why can't IMDb offer 0 ratings? This movie was the worst comedy I had
to sit through in 30 years! Comedy is supposed to be comedy not a damn
dialogue non acting flick. Seth was horrible. He was blabbering about
nothing the whole movie and his script I don't think there was one. Him
and that annoying wife were worse than two 7 year olds talking about
tonka toys. It's as if they were ad libbing the whole movie. Director sucks. Writer sucks. Actors suck! none of these people
belonged in this movie. Not one person not even a drunk bleach blonde
bimbo laughed 1 single time. I looked at my chick 40 mins in and said
let's get the f$&k outta here and go to the bar. Zach sucked. The lines
in this movie were so cheesy. The baby was stupid the sex scenes were
appalling and the music was retarded. How anyone calls this a comedy is
plain dumb. American pie makes this movie look like a kids horrible
cartoon. Swearing doesn't make a comedy. I have nothing else to say and
I just walked out of the theater. And trying to imitate dinero? Are u
serious. Holy s#it what a corny movie. Not 1 person laughed. Not 1!
Time to watch something funny on Netflix. Ps. Look at the first 35
reviews. Almost all are 1's. How the heck is this at 7.2? Paid
reviewers that belong in prison for scamming the public. Any typos I
mad I didn't correct on purpose as I was done wasting my valuable time
with the cheesy @ss movie. Want comedy go watch George carlin on
Netflix. Don't waste your $28 on this garbage.
