2
Watch the first one many times and enjoy, because the sequel is terrible

I was enthused about Taken 2. The first Taken was an awesome flick on
so many levelssure, if you want to see Shakespearian acting a
dialogue, Taken (the first) was not for you. But if you want to see
action, dialogue, believable characters, and some gritty but realistic
(mostly) violence, Taken (the first) was awesome. If you want to see
action, dialog, some believable characters, and some gritty but
realistic (mostly) violence, then go back and watch the first Taken
movie. You will not find much of any of these in Taken 2. To be fair,
Taken 2 is not the worst movie that I have seen in the theaters this
year. That honor goes to Dark Shadows, which is, I believe, the new
standard for disappointment in a film that had great actors, great
directors, and great promise. But wow, Taken 2 came close to being as
bad. I always indicate "May be spoilers" in my reviews on IMDb in case
I let something slip, but I try not to let many details out, because
regardless of how good or bad the film was, I believe that the people
involved deserve respect for their efforts, and I am willing to admit
that I may be wrong in my reviews, so I don't want to ruin any
surprise. Fortunately, with Taken 2, the above warning is not all that
necessary. It is an ACTION film. In theory. After about the first half
hour, things eventually started moving at more than the glacial pace
the movie started with, and that began with Liam Neeson (OMG!) knocking
on someone's door. Taken 2 wasonce you get past the first half hour or
sowildly predictable. A few (and very few) Luc Besson-style fight
scenes and one really long car chase. There was one twist where Winnie
The Pooh looked down through a hole in the roof and said "It puts the
honey in the basket or it gets the hose again," and that was kind of
scary. But wait, that didn't happen. That must have been when I nodded
off and dreamed that a child's cartoon combined with a book/movie
written more than 20 years ago had more entertainment and action value
than Taken 2. The key to a great movie is to have a great opening
sequence to bring people in, a middle sequence with a great story with
great characters, dialog, action, romance, etc., and a great
endingoften with a twist involving the characters, dialog, action,
romance, etc. The key to a good movie is to have twoor even one and
quarterof these attributes. Taken 2 had, well, none. Opening
sequenceboring. Middle sequencepoorly put together. Endingweak,
weak, weak. I could add another weak and that would almost make for a
month that you should avoid wasting your time or money on Taken 2.
Please take my adviceit is better to get the hose again from Pooh than
to sit through this film.
