5
Unsatisfying Letdown

I'm sorry to say that I found this disappointing and unsatisfying with
some glimmers of what might have been. I'll keep this short. I saw this
at a one-time only showing at Regal Cinema tonight (9/26/17.) This film
takes place right between 1 and 2. I'll cover what I did not like,
first, then go into the positive. It had far too many different
characters and settings. That was way too ambitious and was just
distracting. Some of the characters just fell off the radar and were
not seen again. The pacing was off. Maybe because we had multiple
set-ups and settings with the previously mentioned multiple characters.
It was generally not scary. Literally no fear or desperation. Aside
from some jump scares, a scene in back of the creeper's truck, and a
very good scene with four guys on motorcycles (that scene should have
opened the movie), this was not a remotely scary movie. There was no
ground gained in the Creeper's origin, although it was teased.. Not
enough Gina Phillips. Some truly terrible overacting by some actors and
barely a heartbeat with some others. The story was not bad but the
filming of the scenes felt unfinished, unrealizedI kept thinking
things that should happen"those horses are going to come into play,"
"we're going to get a great flashback," "we're going to have an awesome
attack on the Creeper", etc. But nope. Not good. Ending was also very
abrupt and pointless.What was good? Meg Foster was very good and the scenes with her son
were good. The film was shot beautifully and Victor Salva is
technically skilled. I loved the daylight scenes of the Creeper butthe
facial makeup effects were not awesome. Very mask like in some shots.
Getting to know the Creeper's truck intimately better was great and
seemed like the most realized part of the movie. The aforementioned
motorcycle scene was good, the Bernardi's (ranch?) scene was pretty
good, the hand subplot  all promising...but all fell short. Overall, I
think I rated it a 5 out of nostalgia and being a fan. If I had not
been a fan...I don't know...probably lower.
