1
Stupid, aimless, empty, dreadful and DERIVATIVE  non-spectacle

The Brothers are no longer, and their films are getting worse by the
movie. This drivel is supposed to be about a wretched anglo-Russian
girl (Kunis) who miraculously has the same genetic imprint as a
millennia-old royal just dead in outer space. The royal was part of a
family looking for profit from creating life on suitable planets which
are then farmed for their body fluids to produce immortal bath salts
for those who can pay. Cra* concept and an even worse script,
direction, and character development has resulted! It is all CGI, but
for what? The characters are totally uninteresting. Even the evil
offspring of the dead royal, who just ooze 'orribleness and are of
course played by British actors (including star of the moment Eddie
Redmayne!), are one-dimensional. The hero, half wolf, half man,
Channing Tatum, remains stony faced and just jets about on a set of
gravity boots better than Superman! The only interest is Sean Bean and
whether he will last beyond the second reel. From the trailer he looked
certain for an early demise but he keeps hanging on! The script is just
a series of bang crashes, and scenes of jeopardy for our two leads and
how are they going to get out of them - yawn, yawn! The CGI is boring
inside two minutes. And the whole film is a derivative sham. You will
recognise 'Star Wars' 'North by North West' 'Jurassic Park 2'
'Superman' 'Flash Gordon' and particularly 'Dune' as well as many
others. Oh, it is truly awful!!!!!!!!!!Brother and sister - give up film making now and save the industry from
another mega ($170M) flop!
