10
The perfect movie

The Intern .... The sweetest, most perfect And heart touching I have
seen in a long time. Of course it helps that Robert De Niro is there
but what a movie! This is what all movies should be.Robert De Niro plays the perfect gentleman, the kind we don't see
anymore. And every woman who sees the movie will fall a bit in love
with him. Anne Hathaway perfectly plays the role of a successful
entrepreneur, a working wife and mom who thinks about everything and
everyone and still feels guilty about being a working woman, even after
the perfect gentleman tells her He should not be the feminist amongst
the two of them. Every working woman will identify with her inner
struggles. The story is perfect, with the perfect practical ending, as
life is always more practical than idealistic. The small touches like
the housewives who look down upon the working mom and make her feel
guilty (I have seen many of those), the successful aggressive
entrepreneur's fear of hurting her mom, the stay-at-home dad's
end-of-day exhaustion that the working mom does not really understand
and the young boss' discomfort with her elderly intern... All so real.
There's an idea here which I spoke about long back... The huge talent
pool of retired people nobody is willing to hire. The intern's wisdom
and practicality brings a calm and peace to the busy boss' life.
There's a lesson here for us all here. Look at our elders and learn
from them. Stop a while in your busy life to get more out of it.Loved the movie, hope everyone of my generation sees it.
