10
pure fun , love and joy of childhood

The Florida Project directed by Sean Baker is about a young, white,
single mom Halley ( superb acting by Bria Vinaite), her beautiful,
energetic, smart daughter Moonee (superb acting by Brooklyn Prince who
live in a Hotel run by manager Bobby (excellent acting by William
Dafoe). The love between Halley and Moonee is depicted very well in all
scenes. I particularly liked the scenes when mom and daughter run
around in rain, drenched , drinking drops of rain water. Bobby is
extremely sympathetic towards all his guests and looks out for all the
kids who live in the hotel. Bobby is a kind man and helps Halley to
maintain residence in Hotel. Moonee and her friends Scooty (well acted
by Christopher Rivera) and Jancey ( acting by Valeria Cotto)are
excellent and their simple, innocent, childish pranks are very well
directed by Sean Baker. The movie shows poor kids having simple fun and
running around and doing childish stuff very well. All the actors did a
great job. Mela Murder as Ashley who is Halley's only friend did
extremely well as her friend and also as Scooty's mom. Ashley after
getting punched in the face and hurting has no hesitation in accepting
Moonee's genuinely caring and sympathetic "feel better soon" with a
hug. Florida Project is all above love not costing anything and all
about caring for each other. When love is questioned by DCF, Moonee
seeks refuge in land of wonder. The movie is great. I enjoyed the
script, the entire cast and excellent Direction. Childhood is all about
love , happiness, joy and simple fun.
