8
A horror comedy without jokes

the newest film made by jordan peele lives out to the hype that it
made.horror comedy is one of the hardest genres(or sub genres) to make
a movie about.some good examples would be evil dead 2 and scream.the
film actually takes a subject like racism and makes it into a parody of
itself.the comedy of the movie is actually really subtle and your'e not
gonna walk into the movie and start laughing as a joke comes along.its
a realization that can be made while watching the film or after you
watched it.it can't be really called a satire of horror movies because
it uses the horror movie clich√©s more than once but the good part is
that i doesn't annoy you like a lot of horror movies do.one of the
strengths of the movie is that you don't need to be an American to
understand the story.a basic knowledge about racism will be enough.but
for the clues and metaphors that are in the movie you need to pay more
attention and know a little bit more.there are no jokes in the movie
and even the comedy relief character lil rel howery doesn't make jokes
but sells its comedy by his performance which makes him actually funny
and not just an annoying side character like we see mostly in the
movies right now.the performances are great and the character choices
are rational and logical unlike most horror movies we see today.allison
williams does a pretty good job and actually nails the character far
more better than i expected.the cinematography is pretty good but it
got distracting in two or three places of the movie but it wasn't
boring and actually kept the movie pretty good looking.the twists of
the movie will actually kinda predictable but that wasn't what the
movie was about and i didn't expected to be shocked since the movie
doesn't take itself to seriously but serious enough to keep the plot
going.the CGI blood were kinda distracting and the movie got slow in a
few places but it had the pay-off and you were rewarded after the
scenes.the movie is well made and deserves a second viewing in some
time and i would recommend it to horror fans or if your'e a fan of
subtle humor and comedy.
