1
Everything is corrupt here.

This movie was produced, written, played and directed by the same man,
an actor who believes he should become a genius of cinema if he wants
to respect himself. It is a bundle of stereotypes, anachronisms, bad
acting and excess of dialogue and "ideas". I wanted to walk out one
hour into the film, but I was with someone. If the above said were not
enough, the crap lasts 130 minutes of unbearable boredom. By the way, I
loved the Cuban music played in that Florida party; the movie makers
imply this is about 1930 but the orchestra sounds like Gloria Stefan's
songs, those guys were 70 years ahead of their time! *Wonderful*! And
this gross inaccuracy is a strong characteristic of the film, as every
possible approach to all possible events of the late twenties/early
thirties (they only forgot to cleverly link the plot to Lindbergh's
kidnapping) is seen through the lens of the nice opinions of today.
This is therefore probably the fakest thirties you can see on a screen.
I also want to underline the utterly stupid and worthless "morals" of
the story, as it is plain from start that the badass played by Affleck
is not better than the guys he fights & kills, and some of his actions
are particularly disgusting and vicious. You want a proof? There's no
way you can feel you care a speck of dust about any character in the
film, save for maybe some of the victims of the tough guy. A recital of
viciousness which tries to lecture us on morals. Unpalatable. I agree
with almost all user reviews between 4 and 1. What you read in those
reviews is the best that can be said about this film.
