5
Pretty but basic historical love story

It's a timeless tale of love and betrayal and people doing shitty
things to people who are good to them, based on a 1999's novel by
Deborah Moggach who also wrote a screenplay for this. Once upon a long
time ago in Amsterdam: a married woman (Alicia Vikander) begins a
passionate affair with an artist (Dane DeHaan) hired to work for her
husband (Christoph Waltz). The lovers gamble on hot market for tulips
to get the money for escaping together. Also appearing, Judi Dench,
Zach Galifianakis, Jack O'Connell, Holliday Grainger, Tom Hollander,
Cara Delevingne and others. This must be one of the more hated movies
of 2017 I've come across: Metacritic score 37 out of 100, Rotten
Tomatoes's 8 out of 100. It's far from disaster but I can't say it's
good either. To start with the positive, the movie looks gorgeous, the
mid-17th century Amsterdam feels very lively and booming although we
don't see much of it, most events take place inside somewhere. The
pictures added here really don't do the movie justice but I didn't find
a better selection online. The actors make their best of their
material, although the characters are so one-note that only screen
veterans in supporting roles (Waltz, Dench, Hollander) manage to give
really memorable performances. The young stars (Vikander, DeHaan) do
adequate work and they have good enough chemistry to offer some steamy
love-making scenes but you can't really compete with Waltz or Dench in
terms of range or sheer presence, can you? Based on acting and how the
movie looks, the result would deserve a higher score but the
storytelling really makes a mess of everything. In 107 minutes, there's
so many events and relationships and so little willingness to develop
them properly that several major plot points or turns fall entirely
flat and lose any believability or dramatic impact. All in all, Tulip
Fever" is disappointment. It's certainly watchable if underwhelming
but it could have been good. Still, I like both young stars and look
forward to seeing them in other, better realised movies. It's also
interesting to note that Vikander is the new Lara Croft in Tomb
Raider'" reboot coming in March. The project has an unlucky history
which is actually a fair bit more interesting than the final movie
itself. The shoots were originally planned in 2004, with Jude Law and
Keira Knightley as leads and John Madden (Shakespeare in Love") as
director. However, the production was halted 12 days before the
shooting because of changes in tax rules affecting film production in
the UK. Dreamworks had already built a massive set of the Amsterdam
canals, and planted 12,000 tulips which were dead-headed. The current
production was shot in 2014 but the release was postponed for three
years due to negative test screenings.
