1
A skeleton popped out

First off, thank god I didn't pay for this movie. It is the biggest
steaming pile of disjointed crap that I've ever been unfortunate to
watch. The 'movie' is basically a few disjointed segments with no
creative glue holding them together. A group of thieves break into an
old man's house to find him dead watching static, they were supposed to
steal a VHS tape. The thieves are clearly intelligent enough to take a
video recording of all their crimes and this is the main plot in most
of the movie. Long story short they find a bunch of tapes and each of
them documents people dying in different paranormal circumstances, the
characters of the main plot don't even react to what they're watching,
they just stick on tape after tape while chilling out beside the dead
guy as people from their group disappear. I'd disappear if I had to
watch this again. After the 'main characters' (who barely deserve the
term as there was no plot development or revelation amongst them) cop
it it cuts to more shoddily filmed crap of a group of kids who end up
in a real haunted house for Halloween then get accidentally by a train.
I have no idea how people could possibly enjoy this, it's a series of
uninventive shorts with no solid connection put together by a weak and
predictable plot line. The camera-work is so shaky that I thought the
producers must have filmed in Haiti during earthquake season and the
acting is horribly substandard. The only good thing about the film was
the gore and special effects.
