1
Give Fitzgerald a break and try not to think of him when you watch this

This movie is DOA, a victim of the colossal misjudgment of whoever
thought The Great Gatsby would be a suitable vehicle for 3-D special
effects and tried to turn it into a showcase for them. At best they add
nothing to this subtle and complex classic and at worst they distract
the viewer from the novelist's intent, masking every other theme of the
novel behind a garish attempt to overwhelm the viewer with with a
stylized vision of the roaring twenties. The actors struggling to
compete with this distraction and bring Fitzgerald's characters and
themes to life are at a serious disadvantage before they even appear,
and Leonardo DiCaprio simply isn't up to the task. His seems to be
alternately trying to channel Robert Redford and Marlon Brando, the
former being an improvement and the later a particularly inappropriate
source of confusion about the character. Gatsby is supposed to be an
enigma, but this is ridiculous. And when those resources seem unable to
sustain him, he drifts off into something more reminiscent of Orson
Wells, an impersonation that is way out beyond his ability, though in
harmony with his bloated and dissipated appearance. The silly device of
scattering bits of text into the snow or rain and then assembling them
to float in front in front of the screen is no competition for Sam
Waters sensitive reading of the same texts. The interjection of a
psychoanalytical frame story to explicate Nick's character would be
totally unnecessary if a more suitable and capable actor than Tobey
Maguire had been cast. I went home and watched the 1974 version, which
I had underestimated. In contrast Sam Waters, Robert Redford and Karen
Black were nothing less than brilliant. Poor Fitzgerald. What a
disservice. But the novel is pretty much indestructible and will live
to fight another day, even if it lost this battle.
