8
Flawed Perfection

Went and saw The Counselor tonight. It is very different than it's
advertised, or what people may be expecting. On the outside it looks
like a thriller, and it does have the set up of a good thriller, but
its more just a dark brooding and sometimes darkly humorous drama that
has thriller like moments. I'm fairly certain if you liked No Country
for Old Men the style won't be all that different to you, since it is
written by Cormac McCarthy like the source material for that one was,
except The Counselor was personally written by his hand alone. I've
read reviews complaining its too predictable but I feel like that's the
point, as it involves a relatively "good man" getting in bed with a
drug cartel and everyone kind of tells him to be sure that he
understands, that bad things could/will happen. I don't see this as a
complaint, since A.) real people get involved in this stuff knowing bad
things can happen despite all the warnings heard ahead of time and B.)
some of the obvious foreshadows have great pay offs, and C.) knowing
what's to come and watching anyways has a sort of knowing dread about
it. Anyways, I've read a couple reviews offering it high praise and a
lot of them completely bashing it, I'm somewhere in the middle but
leaning more toward the former positive critique. It is a slow moving
film, with lots of dialogue, and every character seems to get a lengthy
monologue.
