3
Where is the rest of the story?!

***May Contain Spoilers*** The story of Louis Zamperini is only half
told in Angelina Jolie's "Unbroken." After watching a screening of this
film I did a little internet research on Mr. Zamperini and found that
his life post-war, in my opinion, was equally emotional, meaningful and
film worthy as his POW years. This film, while beautifully shot, lacked
the true depth of Zamperini's life. In the beginning of the film,
Angelina Jolie goes overboard in showing the viewer his early life and
his Olympic journey. Next up are the war years and POW torture. The
End. In addition to not feeling anything toward Zamperini's chief
brutalizer, the torture scenes were way too long. After a few scenes
viewers will get the point that this man went through Hell. What
happens after the war is where the real story begins and where
"Unbroken" stops. Louis Zamperini's struggles continued for quite some
time until he found God. This new journey took him back to Japan where
he sought out his captors and forgave them. However, his nemesis, the
Bird, did not want to meet him...but Zamperini tried. I would have
liked to see more of Zamperini's post-war PTSD struggle as this is such
a relevant topic today, culminating with his will to forgive which
ultimately saved him. For those who are only interested in Zamperini as
an Olympian and POW, then you will appreciate this film. I found this
film failed to address the full life of Louis Zamperini and felt his
wikipedia entry would have been a better guide for Jolie.
