1
A waste of time and money

This movie is strickly a 'by the numbers' date movie, the only problem
is a lack of comedy. Considering the cast, it should have had some
moments, but the lack of any real funny gags, or joke is surprising.
The only thing I can think of is they cut out a lot to avoid a NC-17
rating, so it might be interesting to eventually see an unrated
version, but I doubt the result would change things that much. I would
consider this movie more of a drama than a comedy, because it deals
with the reality of moving from one city to another, and the fact that
you may think you have a career, it all really depends on the time and
place. If they marketed the movie as a drama, I would have not expected
to be amused, but the whole campaign is centred around the laughs
surrounding an engagement, but there is nothing funny about frostbite,
and amputation of body parts. It is starting to look like Jason Segal
isn't as funny as everyone thought, and as he gets older, he will be
less and less funny, who really wants to watch someone in their 40s act
like a teenager, because he is funny now, sometimes, doing that kind of
comedy, but this movie demonstrates that is the only comedy he is
successful at. The supporting cast was the only interesting part of the
plot, and where the movie worked, and the only reason this movie gets a
very generous one star out of ten.If you have $20 you want to waste, find a casino, or some scratch and
win tickets, you WILL have a better time with either one, as opposed to
this flop.
