4
Impressive action sequences let down by almost everything else.

A Gen Z update to Kathryn Bigelow's 1991 cult classic, this remake is
essentially an episode of Fast and Furious in which the vehicular
exploits have been replaced with an assortment of extreme sports
sequences. Constructed with an alarming amount of real footage and
physical stunt work, the numerous action set pieces are rather
impressive; a high octane wing-suit gliding scene and the
tension-building rock climbing finale topping the list. Yet the impact
of these daredevil stunts is wasted on a film that fails on almost
every other level. Stemming from Kurt Wimmer's truly awful screenplay,
every second not spent traversing a mountainside, soaring through the
air or surfing a mammoth wave is cringe worthy and/or yawn inducing.
Wimmer's dialogue attempts to be philosophical and Zen-like, but with
clich√©d stinkers like "the only law is gravity" and "everyone dies,
it's just a matter of how", it's nothing short of unintentionally
hilarious. Replacing the eternally cool Patrick Swayze was always going
to be tough, however Edgar Ramirez does a solid job as charismatic
eco-warrior Bohdi. The same can't be said for
low-budget-Chris-Hemsworth hunk Luke Bracey though, who is so wooden as
Johnny Utah he makes Keanu Reeves look like Daniel Day Lewis. This
modern update boasts a handful of genuinely fantastic action sequences,
yet they're not enough to warrant a recommendation in what is otherwise
a limp and incoherent thriller.
