8
The Circle - Splash of Reality

Kept spoilers 'light' and used only as needed to describe the opinion
of the film. This film sticks front-and-center an indisputable fact
that technology unchecked can and will go to the extreme. I suspect
(unproven) that Ms. Watson signed on to do this film as it holds a
moral and carries a social lesson. If you have children, teens, friends
oblivious to the fact that the internet and streaming are NOT private,
then you must get them to go see this movie - and the social message is
the reason why I rate this as an "8". Leader of the company (Tom Hanks) and Chief Tech Officer (Patton
Oswalt) deem everyone except themselves should be transparent,
including government. When a political obstacle arises in a Senator, of
course they dig up and release the dirt on them found in their 'social
sins', then sponsor a candidate that is willing to be transparent in
every email, every call, every action, every bill, etc. (Naivety at its
best, as no company or government can operate 100% transparent.) In the
end, the good persona (Emma Watson) turns the tables on the powerful
leaders in front of an audience and makes them susceptible to the very
elements they want others subservient to. I don't usually care for Tom
Hanks, but he did a good job in this film - with an outstanding low-
level "we're f'd" comment once realizing the tables have turned. Ms.
Watson continues to grow in her acting skills and shines even brighter
than Mr. Hanks in a few scenes (but not overall). Patten Oswalt plays
the tough bad-guy in his outstanding short scenes, and fit the role
perfectly. The role of John Boyega (as Ty) left a bit to be desired (a
2D character that should have had more depth provided), but liked his
acting much better in this film, compared to his role as Finn in Star
Wars: The Force Awakens; he did well.
