7
Too Short, Underdeveloped

The first half of the film was great. It was creepy, it was
suspenseful, and it was almost scary (speaking as someone who considers
most scary films to be dull and silly). The film did a good job of
summarizing the first, and the 3D was generally well-done. So where did
this film fail? Well first, the character relationships were extremely
superficial, to the point where it felt like they were tacked-on or
unrealistic. Some of the character motivations were also underdeveloped
and made the characters come off as stupid or just hard to relate to,
especially towards the end. The characters take a while to actually
enter Silent Hill, and when they do the film quickly devolves from
creepy moments to explaining the story, which is not particularly
compelling. Obviously, the film makers had to work within the context
of the original while trying to tie it into the third game, but so much
of the film was devoted to characters explaining the plot that it made
the film feel somewhat dull. Think of the old adage "show, don't tell".
The film was overly short, and it seemed as though this was the central
problem. 20 more minutes to SHOW the plot, interspersed with a few more
creepy scenes, and this film could have easily surpassed the original.
Alas, the director chose to keep the film succinct, and the result is
that it feels rushed and the last ten or fifteen minutes feel more like
a cheesy action movie than a horror film. As I said, with twenty more
minutes of footage, the film could have easily been one of the scariest
movies of the last 10 years, and could have had believable characters
and a more expertly revealed plot. Instead, we're left with a decent
movie with a few good scares.
