10
Ten points to Gryffindor

I can honestly say that I have really never been more terrified in a
film. Not that I can remember. From the beginning of the film, the mood
is set - something is horribly wrong. The screenplay was simply
brilliant. The adaptation from stage to screen was highly successful,
in my opinion. The scenic designer did a fantastic job with everything
from the nursery to the town Kipps stays at. The directing was also
something to be applauded. Over all, this film was wonderful and I
would recommend it. And I must say, Dan Radcillffe did a great job. He
may not be the most incredible actor, but he has really improved so
much. It's most evident here because he could not hide behind words or
a wand, he could use just his face and body language. They are an
actor's tool after all. To be able to carry a film with body language
is something to be commended. Few actors can.On another note, I adored the fact they never hid the Woman in Black.
They embraced her from the beginning, with little traces of a face in
the windows as they were passed. The simplicity of the film was what I
think made it so terrifying. There weren't blood and guts flying around
with a poor sap strapped to an operating table while a deranged lunatic
tries to connect him to the anus of another. It was a simple, yet
effectively frightening, ghost story. I can say I loved every second of
it.If you love horror films, give it a go. This is the first film I've
seen in quite some time that was worth my entire $10.00 to see it.
