1
"It's an action movie" is not an excuse!

I ate 4-cheeses tortellini for lunch and then went to see "Battleship".
guess which one was cheesier. This movie is terrible and I'll tell you
why, but first let me say one thing. This is not how action movies
should be made and it is not fair to make bad movies just to cash some
money because "hey, it's an action movie!" I don't believe in low class
genres: is not a sin to enjoy an action movie, but it should be a good
movie anyway! Battleship has an horrible plot, actually nothing happens
but it does it in more than 2 hours. God if it was boring! I don't
understand how you could ever make a movie with explosions and
fast-paced editing sooo boring. There are elements that make to sudden
apparitions and too much plot holes. There are some TERRIBLE comic
scenes, like the one where the guy is stealing a burrito for his
bigtittied trophy. In that moment it becomes American pie, the family
guy, epic movie. There's a LOT of FAKE lens flare. I don't understand
why, is it a fad now? In super8 they had a meaning, but in battleship
there are even more and they really make no sense. Every single clichè,
you can find it in here. well, we live in a postmodern period so that's
okay, we are used to see old clichés. The problem is that they use them
like it is 1980 and it's the first time. If you care about that, the
aliens are really a bunch of pussies. They invade earth and the humans
have to struggle a little to fight them. Yeah, just because they use
only THREE American ships (actual war ships, not space ships) and a
couple of airplanes. It's the lamest alien invasion ever! Don't watch
this movie because is really really bad. What could I expect from a
movie inspired by the eponymous game? The premise seems a parody from
youtube actually.
