10
Aronofsky's mother! will be hated by many, but loved by a precious few

100Horrifying. Just.. horrifying. Aronofsky really got me with this one.
Not only did he manage to grab me on an intellectual level, but also on
an emotional one. This movie is going to be hated by many, I know that
now. But for me, this is, hands down, the movie of the year. Every
shot, cut, and scream is perfectly constructed to make an immersive
atmosphere that never relents in it's uncomfortable feeling, and the
acting is seriously award worthy. Javier Bardem is absolutely
wonderful, and Jennifer Lawrence... oh man... her performance is
absolutely top notch. At first I couldn't quite relate to her
character, but as the film progressed, her mindset became my mindset,
and we essentially merged into one force of fear and terror that was
absolutely unstoppable until the ending. I cannot praise her
performance enough in this review. Her emotions leaked from every frame
she was in, and it broke my heart and scared me witless the whole way
through the film. Aronofsky's pacing is immaculate as well, the whole
movie feeling not a second too slow or quick, the events rolling on
naturally and in a way that felt very satisfying. The whole way
through, I was riveted and invested by the acting and cinematography,
which is definitely Aronofsky's best I've seen so far. The entire film
is gripping, horrifying, heartbreaking, and absolutely wonderful.
Nothing about this movie pulled me out of it. Watching this in a
theater was like being in a bomb shelter while the world ended, every
sound apocalyptic and every camera shake filling my view. If you can,
watch this on the biggest screen you can with the best surround sound
you can afford. If you only watch one movie this year, make it this
one. This movie is incredible. This is why I study the movies.
