3
Long-winded new-age mess . . .

I'm not sure what to say about this film. It was attempting to be all
things to all men . . . literally, but failed so miserably I cannot
conceive of how it is regarded highly by anyone who saw it. The only
thing more embarrassing than the pacing, directing, editing and
performances in this film was the make-up, which especially when Hugo
Weaving appears dressed in drag as a middle aged nurse reminded me of a
less convincing Mrs. Doubtfire. Hugo's transformation feels
uncomfortable and half-hearted, designed for cheep laughs because the
audience knows this is a man who is far more comfortable in a g-man
suit and shades and not in knit-sweaters and comfortable shoes
attempting to capture the nuances of Nurse Ratched. If it weren't for
the fact that each story is edited together and connected by some goofy
new-age reincarnation mumbo-jumbo it would amount to little more than a
series of fairly pedestrian clich√©s in genre-fiction. The fact that the
same 15 or so actors (about 2 or 3 of whom are better actors than this
film allows) are jumbled between the plots makes the film even more
difficult to enjoy. Imagine you're being served a 6-course meal, and
for some reason the chef has decided to use the same 6 ingredients in
every course . . . Including the ripe old cheese that was Tom Hanks in
this film. The worst performance by far was turned in by Doona Bae,
whose character seems to be built around 95% hairstyle, 2% skimpy
skirts, 1% never having shoes on for some reason, 2% passively reciting
her lines in a sort of monotone sigh. A scene where she is supposed to
be giving a speech that will cause a revolution in her world sounds
like it could have been read from a cue card by a shy 9 year old, this
even after her character has only recently found out that her sisters
have been getting ground up into juice boxes and fed to her. The scenes
set in Neo-Seoul (apptly named since the Wachowskis directed this
sequence) are nothing new. A futuristic dystopian cityscape has been
done so many times since Blade Runner did it best 30 years ago that
there's no wonder left in seeing them, especially since no-one has
successfully improved on the original. There is of course plenty of
martial arts, gun-fu, and even a Neo in Neo-Seoul, but the effects look
rushed and unconvincing. At nearly 3 hours this film is a ponderous
plodding mess that needs to be put out of its misery and converted in
to a drinkable form for those who enjoyed it, so they can simply sit
there and consume it without taking up theatre space from better films.
They can put Deepak Chopra's name on the box to help sales.
