3
From a die hard fan to a disappointed one

I read this book for the first time as a teenager in high school and
found it to be a world of unknown limitations, where rational thought
intelligent decisions, and carefully calculated emotions ruled the day
guided by a genius mind. The images conveyed in every page of detailed
descriptive writing, from the desperation of Valentine losing a 6 year
old Ender, to the anguish of Ender, knowing he killed Bonzo, every
major emotion was exploited and bared before the reader. The book was
too short for what the readers wanted, and left us craving more, both
in the continuing back stories such as Ender's Shadow as well as the
deeper philosophical aspects of Xenophobia and those books which
followed. This movie, however, left those of us who eagerly awaited the
transition of the novel to the big screen appalled and eager for the
lights to come up so we could hastily exit the theater, shaking our
heads in utter disappointment at the epic failure that is Ender's Game:
the movie. From the lack of voice-over (the only proper way to explain
the large portion of the book told through Ender's thoughts) to the
stilted acting, to the condensation of close to a decade of learning to
less than a year, each minute was painful to watch, and even more
difficult to swallow. The only thing that could have made this movie
more of a disappointment in my book, would have been if it had been not
only poorly written and acted, but also lacking in the visual graphics.I will say, the movie is beautiful to watch, though incorrect according
to the descriptions in the book, but at least there's something nice on
the screen that can ease the sting of the tattered shreds of a great
story that's being crammed down your throat...
