2
Disney SELLS OUT

I had my doubts before, but now I am sure if it.Disney has sold out. Recently Disney has been releasing films that, whether the public
chooses to acknowledge it or not, have been paint-by-numbers at best.
Films like The Lone Ranger, Thor The Dark World, and Frozen. Yes,
Frozen. It's the same Disney crap you've seen over and over, people.
Don't get me wrong, I LOVE Disney. But not THIS Disney... one that
would butcher one of its own beloved fairy tales to make a quick buck.
Yes, you heard right. Disney did stoop that low. I should have known
that this film would be garbage from the get-go when they hired Alice
in Wonderland writer Melissa Woolverton to pen the screenplay and Alice
in Wonderland production designer Robert Stromberg to direct (Are you
sensing a pattern here?) Let's touch on that for a moment-- The Mouse
House, in its infinite wisdom, got a PRODUCTION DESIGNER/VFX SUPERVISOR
WHO HAD NEVER DIRECTED ANYTHING TO DIRECT THEIR $200 MILLION
BLOCKBUSTER. As a result, Maleficent's beautiful visuals carry no
weight, and the actors for the most part seem utterly lost. Because
what the hell would a set designer know about directing actors? Even
Angelina Jolie can't pull off her real emotional scenes because she is
left to direct herself. What really sank this movie for me was Disney
blatantly ripping themselves off and using the "true love" twist from
Frozen. Literally THE EXACT SAME TWIST. I have no problem with Disney
creating a strong independent heroine... but if you're going to do
that, Don't have your heroine wear a skintight leather black cat suit
in the climax of your movie! In short, Disney has definitely lost its
magic, and it's going to be tough to get it back. Don't listen to the
positive reviews. Remember how glowing Alice in Wonderland's were when
it first came out? You have been warned.
