8
A nearly perfectly crafted drama/comedy that was simply excellent

This year's premier film for me at the Toronto International Film
Festival was The Judge. It was really the only film I happened to be
able to get tickets to an afternoon matin√©e for. I assumed with the
cast that it had that it would be at least decent. Well, it wasn't just
decent. It was very nearly superb. It wasn't perfect and once I stopped
and started to dissect it a little I saw some flaws in it but initially
I was prepared to give this film a solid 9 and I'm still thinking about
it. This was a truly great drama-comedy for adults that I think almost
everyone will enjoy. The professional critics seem to be giving it a
resounding "meh." That doesn't surprise me. They don't care for
anything that doesn't fit their narrow minded view of what "art" is.
Sorry reviewers...but its true. The Judge was as good, in fact in many
ways better, than last years critical darling "August: Osage County."
However, they are right when most of them say this is a vehicle for
Robert Downey Jr. to do what he does best. The man has incredible
chemistry on screen and fans of his will absolutely love this because
he's being Tony Stark only a lawyer and this has a little more depth
and heart than your average Marvel flick.Robert Downey Jr. is a brilliant, smart talking, sarcastic big city
lawyer. The predictability and cookie-cutter character that he portrays
is one of the reasons why I hold back giving this a 9. We have seen
this type of character before but Downey Jr. is still great at it and
he's likable and passionate and he enjoys what he does on screen and
you enjoy watching him. He delivers sarcasm and dark humour on point
and leads the cast flawlessly. Robert Duvall is breath taking. I have
always loved him as an actor but this should be an Oscar nomination for
him. It won't because its too mainstream for the critics but Duvall is
captivating as the bull-headed, moralistic, small town judge who has
been estranged from his son (Downey Jr.) for many years. Together they
are beyond dynamite. Their relationship drives this film right into
your heart and is mesmerizing. In the way that Streep and Roberts won
you over in August: Osage County, Downey and Duvall will bowl you over.
Most of the supporting cast are excellent and some are okay at best.
Vincent D'Onofrio, Jeremy Strong, Dax Shepherd, and Billy Bob Thorton
are all really great. D'Onofrio shows signs of being amazing but due to
such a big cast and so much focus being on Downey and Duvall, he sort
of gets buried but he is still vital to the film. Some say that Strong
as the mildly autistic son is unnecessary but I thought he added a
certain dab of heart and sweetness to the film though they do use him
for a lot of laughs. Thorton is intense as the prosecutor and Shepherd
is very good as the small town lawyer at Downey's side. Unnecessary and
almost forced characters were Vera Farmiga and Leighton Meester as
mother and daughter. I know every film needs a romance story but it
felt like it got in the way and should have been cut from the final
film.The Judge is long. Does a drama-comedy that is mostly a mainstream
Robert Downey Jr. vehicle need to be 2 1/2 hours...no definitely not.
Did I mind? Nope not in the least. I was just starting to think they
might be drawing it out just a tad when it ended and it ended well. It
told a story, it took its time establishing characters and background
of this family, it touched on a hint of a mystery and disease and death
and love and despair and redemption and I laughed a lot and I cried a
lot and I just really enjoyed it. I felt good after I saw this and I
can't wait to watch it again. That to me is the mark of a great film.
It entertained me, it was smart and well written with a great cast and
great performances. I felt like director David Dobkin who is synonymous
with comedy really put his heart and soul into the project and cared a
lot about it. He still put a lot of heartfelt laughs in it and it has
its drawbacks but it was still really well done. I am willing to
overlook the things that they didn't do or did that doesn't make this a
critical masterpiece because it entertained me. This is a film every
adult can watch and appreciate. And if nothing else Robert Duvall
deserves an Oscar period. 8.5/10
