6
Certainly compelling but I think it would make a more powerful short movie

A tale of forbidden love. The guy (Ben Mendelsohn) went to jail for it
and started another life after that. The girl (Rooney Mara) still can't
move on 15 years later, and confronts him. Also starring, Ruby Stokes
and Riz Ahmed. Does sex even mean anything in our day and age? It
certainly does when it comes to taboos such as relations" between
adult and minor  a story in the center of Una". This particular topic
may well be the most loaded of them all, which makes it difficult to
even write about. It's an uncomfortable experience for sure, not just
because of the topic, but for raising burning questions that nobody
wants to answer, at least not in public. Not us the viewers, not the
movie makers  director Benedict Andrews and David Harrower who has
written both the theatre play and then screenplay Una" is based on.
The actors are satisfying. Mara is better than her usual (eloquent and
tormented as suitable for the role), Mendelsohn is great as usual (one
of the best not quite famous character actors the UK has today)...
There is not much room for other major characters, but Stokes as young
Una and Ahmed as the unwitting bystander brought into this mess are
memorable too. I think I like Stoke's performance even better than
Mara's but comparison is unfair because I have never admired Mara's
acting abilities anyway. This is the first time that I have truly
respected her screen work, ever. Bold role, bold project. The
storytelling is, khm, less satisfying. Not only because of the
uncomfortable topic and leaving much unanswered but overall approach is
too artsy for my taste, so the movie has issues with pacing and holding
tension. Una as a character would improve from additional development
too. All in all, it's certainly compelling but I think it would make a
more powerful short movie lasting, say, 30 minutes instead of 94.
