1
I've never rolled my eyes so much during a movie

The reason I am rating this a 1 is to combat the insane 8.2 rating that
this terrible movie has.I'm a 17 year old girl, and most people would assume someone my age
would fall head over heels for a movie like this. I watched expecting
to see this amazingly realistic, incomparable, and tragically beautiful
love story, which is how TFIOS had been described to me. After spending
two hours watching this movie, I'm sitting here wondering if I'm made
of stone considering I did not shed a single tear. But several movies I
have watched, and stories I have read, have left me sobbing and
attempting to recover for days. I have never read the book, or any of
John Green's books for that matter but now I will forever hold the
opinion that he is a fully grown man attempting to articulate not only
the life of a teenage girl, but the life of someone suffering with a
disease. The first few lines of the movie, narrated by Hazel, made me
know I was going to hate this movie, since she was describing things
that happened in clich√© romance stories (which is exactly what this
is), and how this was "true." The idea that this movie was realistic is
ridiculous. First of all, a few token one-liners in the movie were
clever and well written, but would never come out of a teenager's
mouth. As a teenager myself, I can confirm that we are not that
profound. I didn't understand the appeal that either of the main
characters had in the other, other than the fact they both had cancer.
Hazel was boring, and selfish, and self-pitying, and Gus was so
pretentious it made me feel sick, and I never believed for a second
that he was a virgin. Of course cancer is a terrible thing, as is death
itself, but the fact that I didn't care about either of them, and saw
them as a caricature of what John Green thinks or wants teenagers with
cancer to act like, made me completely indifferent to their predictable
demise. The story line with them going to Amsterdam to visit the author
of their favorite book was annoying and unnecessary. Although the
author was painted as this terrible person, I actually agreed
everything that came out of his mouth about Hazel. I'm pretty sure the
whole point of that scene was to say "hey, what can we do to make this
movie even more depressing? I know, let's take the one thing that the
main character cares about and destroy it, in order to make her
completely dependent on her love interest." There's too many complaints
I have about specific eye-roll inducing lines and scenes in this movie
to even remember, but the one that angered me more than anything was
when they went to the Anne Frank house. First, they tried to compare
the horrible death of Anne Frank and her family, which was an outcome
of the most horrible thing that has happened in human history, to these
teenagers dying with cancer. As soon as they reached the top floor of
the house, paying attention only to Hazel struggling to climb the
stairs, in my mind I started thinking "please make them be respectful.
I swear, if Gus tries to crack a self-righteous joke I will punch my
laptop screen." At first, I was pleasantly surprised, because they were
quiet and solemn, but then, they begin making out... Only to make it
worse, everyone in the room begins clapping. Why? If I was there, I
would be furious at their lack of respect. I can only hope this scene
wasn't filmed in the actual house. Towards the end I was constantly
checking the bar at the bottom of my screen to see how long I had left.
I kept thinking, when is this really sad part coming that will make me
cry? and when the credits started rolling, I realized it never would.
The fact that people are describing this piece of trash as the best
movie they have ever seen boggles my mind. I'm assuming it's the first
movie they have ever seen. If you want to watch a realistic romance
movie, you won't find it here. Don't waste your time.
