1
epically bad

It's hard to find polite words to describe this movie, but I did start
laughing about 2/3 through it, and that's not a good sign as it is not
a comedy. With such memorable lines to call together an army as 'fire
melts iron and it will writhe inside itself....' Wah?? Charlize Theron
- who I had always respected - comes off as a grudgingly aging Real
Housewives of Beverly Hills - wait, no - Orange County wearing bad eye
makeup and screeching in reality-TV-caliber hissy-fit.... and I had
always liked her. Kristin Stewart resembles her MAD cartoon parody.
She's able to play the suffering goth waif, but when her character is
supposed to play fired up or determined, she comes off more as a high
school freshman that is determined to retrieve her math book from the
library before the bell rings for class - not too powerful.... And when
Chris Hemsworth gives a stand-out acting performance as the most
believable character in this manufactured dark 'epic', well.... ya know
you're in trouble.... I do admire the writers' ability, however, to
cram every clich√© that has ever been imagined into this 14-hour, I mean
2-hour story. Please note that I am generous in calling it a story
since it actually had no plot. The characters had no depth. I was
hoping that they would have done more with the wicked queen as that
could have been a juicy part, but she was about as deep as the
aforementioned 'Housewives.' The musical score was magnificently
inappropriate for the scenes and built up at the oddest times so that
one would expect something was about to happen... instead we are
presented with a magical deer that doesn't really do anything but has a
white aura around it. However, the musical crescendo that accompanies
this scene makes you think Something is going to happen (it doesn't).
OK - last negative criticism - a fun game would be to take a shot every
time one of the actors unexpectedly breaks into a Really bad and
unexpected British accent. Just sayin. And now I'll say something nice:
the costumes were pretty good - impressive really.
