10
they didn't get it

firstly, i have to compare this movie to La La Land, because this is
what is considered Oscar material and Oscar performances in 2017. If La
La Land was an Oscar movie, this is effin' citizen kane. Loved the
bruce willis cameo and that there is a cinematic universe somewhere
between all those uneven films. This film delivers. It has an amazing
performance and realistic characters in a surreal nearly sci-fi but
engaging plot. There is no twist end. Not really. There is a bitter end
this time. One that stays with you for a while after the movie ends.
There is a desperation where there was once a ray of light in the
ending. The film is occasionally funny and aware of it and is not
easily categorized. It is a subtle commentary on many many things,
violence, abuse, human nature, relationships, sexism, modern society,
the potential of a human being, racism, the idiocy of the average
people, our traumas, madness, the virtue of patience, existential angst
etc It is true that it is a horror movie about a sick person, which may
not be politically correct but is a very old and common trope in horror
flicks. It is also true that this film turns the trope on its back,
presenting us a charming psychopath. He does unspeakable things, but he
is not evil, he is beyond morality and he has an ambivalent point of
view. The movie doesn't take sides. Murder is not a taboo in this
narration, it may be an act of God or some creature close to him. The
characters that surround the protagonist are also flawed in many ways
and not very likable (with a couple of exceptions). There are obvious
(and delightful) references to Psycho and the Rocky Horror Picture
Show. One thing is certain. This movie is not for people who always had
it easy...
