7
Shut Down Your Brain and Enjoy the Adventure

When the Vietnam War ends, Bill Randa (John Goodman) and his partner
Houston Brooks (Corey Hawkins) from the Monarch organization succeed to
get the financing for an expedition to the recently discovered Skull
Island from Senator Willis (Richard Jenkins). He hires the former
Captain James Conrad (Tom Hiddleston) to guide the expedition; a group
of soldiers under the command of Colonel Preston Packard (Samuel L.
Jackson); and the awarded journalist and photographer Mason Weaver
(Brie Larson). On the arrival, the helicopters need to cross a storm
and soon they drop bombs on the forest to map the seismology of the
island. Soon they are attacked by a huge gorilla called Kong that
destroys the helicopters and kills part of the crew and scatter the
rest through the island. The group commanded by Conrad meets Hank
Marlow (John C. Reilly), a survivor from the World War II that lives
with a tribe of natives. He explains that Kong protects the island and
the natives from underground monsters and shall not be killed. But
Colonel Packard is insane seeking revenge for his men that died."Kong: Skull Island" is a brainless adventure with several stupidities.
For example, the number of helicopters in the beginning of the journey
of Randa, Conrad and Packard is totally incompatible with the size of
their ship. Bo pilot would dare to cross a storm like that in a
helicopter. The attack of all the helicopters to Kong is absolutely
imbecile. Most of the survivor's attitude are at least unreasonable. On
the other side, the adventure is highly entertaining and the special
effects are top notch. Therefore the best option to the viewer is to
shut down the brain and enjoy the adventure since this is the purpose
of this type of blockbuster. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): "Kong: A Ilha da Caveira" ("Kong: The Skull Island")
