7
Not For Everyone

I saw "Professor Marston and the Wonder Women", starring Luke Evans-
The Fast & the Furious movies, Clash of the Titans_2010; Rebecca Hall-
Iron Man 3, The Prestige; Bella Heathcote-Fifty Shades Darker, Pride
and Prejudice and Zombies and Connie Britton-Nashville_tv, A Nightmare
on Elm Street_2010. This is based on a true story about the man that
created the comic book hero, Wonder Woman, in 1941. If you know me, you
know that I know a little bit about comics so I did know some of the
facts in the movie, but not all of them. Luke plays William Moulton
Marston, a psychology professor at Harvard that was studying human
emotions and had theories about dominance & submission in
relationships. He came up with what he called the DISC
theory-Dominance, Inducement, Submission & Compliance-which he said was
the basis of all relationships. He was a feminist and besides being
married to Rebecca, he also had a female student, Bella, that he & his
wife became lovers with. Oh yeah, he invented the lie detector machine,
which he incorporated into his comic book creation-remember Wonder
Woman's magic lasso of truth? He took different characteristics from
Rebecca & Bella to use in creating Wonder Woman and also had children
with both women but he did receive some resistance to the sexual
connotations that he slipped into the comics-there was a lot of light
bondage portrayed in his books. Connie plays the head of the children's
group that did not think his Wonder Woman book was suitable for the
young readers and her interviews with Luke are shown throughout the
movie. If you are a comic fan like me, you will probably enjoy it a
little more than the average viewer-or if you are into role playing
&/or bondage. It's rated "R" for language and sexual content-including
nudity-and has a running time of 1 hour & 48 minutes. It's not for
everyone but I enjoyed it and would buy it on DVD.
