3
Sometimes dreams really don't come true

***This review may contain spoilers************************** Quickly
recapping the 1939 classic: A true wonder of film, utilizing gritty
realism and fantastical surrealistic innovation to deliver a charming
and timeless parable of self-acceptance and gratitude. The songs, the
casting, the seamless yet unworldly story arc magically combine
psychoanalytic and sociological themes, not to mentioned thinly- veiled
drug references coming together so perfectly that it would appear that
the chance to attempt this quasi prequel in this day and age was too
great a challenge to turn down for this director. Unfortunately due to
several flaws it falls flat like a house on a witch. Firstly, Franco-
just awful, I'm sorry, he may be a smart kid and a good actor but he
isn't able to pull off the con-man who finds he has a heart called for
here. Trivia claims Depp and Downey turned the role down. The former,
maybe, the later quite possibly could have made a significant
difference here. Secondly, Kunis. I'm sorry but I COD't get the image
of Meg as the giant moon-worm out of my head as she screamed on so,
ugh! and finally, I am left with an inability to connect this
particular premise with the classic, which began and ended in a reality
with a coma-induced delerium used to bring together all the dots. Kudos
to Weisz and Williams, fine acting in what is essentially a fun
kidflick.
