4
Meh

I don't mind that much that the movie has little to do with
history(Vlad wasn't a vampire, he was born in Transylvania but he ruled
Wallachia, he fought the Turks for more than 3 days, the Sultan never
died etc.) but this movie doesn't have much logic to it: he turns
against the Turks on a whim(because, apparently, his wife would rather
see a war with the Ottoman empire, than her son be taken hostage) then
thinking he can't win, without even trying, he instantly tries to cheat
his way out by going to the vampire(not knowing if he will insta-kill
him or not, like it almost happened the last time), without making any
defense preparations in his leave. During this time, the Turks
magically summon an army and are already attacking Vlad's Castle,
although the border distance from Transylvania and the Ottoman Empire,
at that time, was over 200km(that would make Erich von Manstein and
Heinz Guderian, the architects of Blitzkrieg via Armored Warfare,
jelly), not to mention that the Turks would have to attack fortified
mountain passes to even get into Transylvania...and that neither
Transylvania or Wallachia payed tribute to the Ottoman empire at that
time. It would make me think the Turks have supernatural powers that
include premonition and super-fast travel speed, which they make use
again to send an army over the border and catch up with the
Transylvanians(moving away to another castle where "they would be
safer") although they take precautions and move fast, in less than 1
day(my guess is that the Turks were using hax). Anyway, Vlad catches up
to this 2nd Turkish army and destroys it, then the next day the Turks
again pull a Flash and start attacking the castle, but this time they
make use of another hax, they went through the castle walls as Vlad was
busy killing their 3rd army, get to Vlad's wife and push her over into
a massive fall from the castle, Vlad tries to help, fails, and the
wife, instead of thanking Vlad for the sacrifices he made and realizing
how stupid she was, she again asks Vlad to do something stupid, and
drink her blood(to permanently become a vampire), which he does... the
end disappoints me the most, it took 600 years for the Master Vampire
to call for Vlad's aid, but, although the movie makes it undeniable
that it uses the Christian dogma, and that there is heaven and hell,
demons and vampires, apparently Buddhism is also there, as Vlad's wife
magically reincarnates... facepalm material. The story is poorly
written, it always feels that a lot of the plot elements are missing,
I'm thinking they cut a lot of scenes out, which would have made it a
more decent movie, but because that it has nothing to do with
history(even less than Bram Stoker's Book), Bram Stoker's Book(at least
it's a story about a Vampire named Dracula, which relates the two),
logic and that the characters themselves seemed to be plagued by
emotions and stupidity, I can't rate this higher than 4 out of 10. You
gain nothing and lose nothing by watching or not watching it.
