9
Director Jeff Nichols' Third Film is an Embodiment of the Classic Americana Spirit Delivered Through Heartfelt Storytelling and Pristine Cinematic Technicality

Engaging an audience in a truly captivating sense of wonder is a lost
art form in the realm of cinema, or at least it has become so rare that
we begin to forget how magical the silver screen experience can be. One
of those rare filmmakers is writer and director Jeff Nichols who made
great strides in inventive filmmaking with his second feature Take
Shelter, a deeply unsettling and atmospheric thriller that reminded us
that the potential for original storytelling can have equally creative
follow through. Writer/director Jeff Nichols' latest atmospheric drama
Mud continues his notable prestige for dramatic filmmaking by creating
a pure slice of Americana; an evocative and poignant coming of age tale
that borrows the lyricism of Tennessee Williams works and mixes them
with the harmonious sensitivity of a Sam Shepard play, who is
ironically enough in a supporting role in the film, creating a witty
and insightful modern day Mark Twain influenced adventure. Keeping his
respectful gaze on rural America, Nichols creates an intimate
reflection on friendship, unrequited love, and youthful discovery with
a rhythmic, sensitive approach towards life's realizations during
childhood. Mud is one of those films where all of the creative outlets
from the ethereal cinematography to the haunting cinematic score come
together in perfect unison to highlight the depth within the story
being told. The film unveils its inner soul with a purposefully
meditative pace that might deter some from experiencing a thoughtful
approach but that would be a drastic mistake because it's one of the
more authentically creative and emotionally opulent movies to grace the
theaters in a long while. In Mud we're not only witnessing the artistic
stamp of a director who has found his distinct voice but also the final
stages of resurrection in the acting career of Matthew McConaughey who
has never been more focused or impassioned on the screen. While Mud
might not be as finely woven as his sophomore effort Take Shelter there
is no denying his latest drama's penchant for compelling drama enhanced
by the heartfelt nature of the writing, the clarity in the visuals, and
the honesty in all of the acting performances.Read more: http://wp.me/py8op-xV; More reviews: Generationfilm.net
