5
A predictable, perfunctory retelling of a renowned tale.

Everyone knows the story of Frankenstein, whether or not you've seen
the films. A mad scientist named Victor von Frankenstein, with help
from his friend Igor, manage to reanimate a corpse consisting of
different parts from different bodies. A monster, if you will. From a
storytelling perspective, Victor Frankenstein is as run-of-the-mill as
you can get. The only unique aspect is that it's told from Igor's
perspective, which isn't much different since Victor is still a large
part of the story. We all know what's going to happen. Even the first
line is, "You know this story," and it proceeds to tell it to us again.
The only conceivable reason I can think for this movie's existence is
for the performances. James McAvoy is excellent as the mad genius, and
Radcliffe does a fine job as his right-hand man. Andrew Scott is always
nice to see, playing another antagonistic role as the inspector
assigned to Frankenstein's case. And Charles Dance makes a small cameo
for some reason as Victor's disapproving father. But the bulk of the
movie revolves around Victor and Igor, as you can imagine, and it's
exactly what you would expect, beat by beat.Victor Frankenstein is not a bad movie in the traditional sense. If
this was the first telling of this story, it would be a perfectly
serviceable standalone film. But since it's so well-known, nothing
about Victor Frankenstein is memorable. It's just the same narrative
with different actors playing it out. No surprises, no innovations, no
purpose. Just a talented cast reenacting a renowned tale.
