7
A well-oiled piece.

In the 1994 film Forrest Gump Gary Sinese played a double amputee. He
didn't actually cut off both his legs for the role (that would've been
TOO extreme) but thanks to the marvel of special effects, he was able
to go around in his wheelchair and even take a swim seamlessly. Now,
flash forward nearly 20 years (Gosh, how time flies) and we have Marion
Cotillard getting her legs bitten off by a killer whale, and the
technology is even more amazing. There isn't a single scene where we're
not 100% convinced she's lost her limbs, and the stakes are raised even
higher when she's fitted with artificial ones. How they managed to
insert this footage so completely into the movie is anyone's guess. I
kind of don't want to know, as this would spoil the illusion.Her characterisation, as a young woman who has to learn to start again
after a life changing incident, is a beguiling one. It would probably
be enough to carry the film by itself, but combined with Matthias
Schoenaerts devil-may-care trained fighter (with a well hidden heart of
gold) it becomes a great one. Their tempestuous relationship is the
backbone here, and it is never less than captivating. These are two
very different people; and yet they are perfect for one another... as
long as both are willing to make sacrifices along the way. It is also
my pleasure to report the rest of the cast are imbued with the same
level of complexity as the two leads... These are REAL individuals we
get to know, not dull cyphers. It all adds to a multi layered drama
which is a true pleasure to watch. 7/10
