6
Slow-Paced

I saw "The Snowman", starring Michael Fassbender-Assassin's Creed, Band
of Brothers_tv; Rebecca Ferguson-The Girl On the Train,
Mission:Impossible-Rogue Nation; J.K. Simmons-The Accountant, The
Closer_tv and Val Kilmer-MacGruber, Deja Vu. This movie is based on a
series of crime books about a detective named Harry Hole. The books are
written by a Norwegian named Jo Nesbo. Michael plays Harry Hole, a man
with a past history of tragedy and addiction-in the form of
alcoholism-who solves crimes in Norway. Women start disappearing and
their bodies are found later-usually dismembered-and a recently built
snowman is nearby. Rebecca is Michael's partner. They realize they have
a serial killer and clues lead to older cases. One of those older cases
is shown in flashback, with Val as the lead detective. FYI: I know Val
has had some medical problems lately and you can tell here, with his
slurred speech and just his general movements and appearance. J.K.
plays a businessman with some shady appetites for younger women. The
story is not bad but it is a little jerky in places, as if some scenes
were left out. The whole movie is a little slow-paced, too. The movie
ends with a little hint that there might be a new franchise in the
works for Detective Harry Hole but unless the box-office really
surprises me, I seriously doubt it. It's rated "R" for grisly images,
language and sexual content- including brief nudity-and has a running
time of 1 hour & 59 minutes. It's not one that I would buy on DVD but I
guess it would be alright as a rental.
