6
Abraham Lincoln deserved a better film

'Lincoln' is one of the bigger favorites for Oscar Awards this year and
will certainly be one of the heroes of the evening in Hollywood a few
weeks from now. It is made by one of the greatest directors of our
time, it tells a big American story and features a big American hero,
it enjoys some fine acting and is very accurate in searching into
history and retrieving a moment and a story that continues to impact
the American social and political fabric until today. And yet,
'Lincoln' did not turn to me into a cinema experience to enjoy.
Actually something interesting happens with my relation with Steven
Spielberg. The film I liked most is one of his first  the very little
known Duel, a minimalistic masterpiece, followed by the wonderful Close
Encounters  and E.T. I enjoyed the Indiana Jones and The Jurassic Park
series for what they are meant to be  great entertainment. However my
personal experience with his 'serious stuff' is mixed. While Saving
Private Ryan is for me the best war film ever made, and Schindler's
List is one of the best in the Holocaust genre, other stuff looks
sometimes pretentious, sometimes too naive. As much as he tries to
prove, Spielberg cannot do films about any subject, I mean he certainly
can, but not all are that good.Most of the action in 'Lincoln' takes place during the month of January
of 1865. After four years of Civil War victory is quite close for the
North, but the ending would have been meaningful only if the 13th
Amendment making slavery illegal was adopted, making the reason of
going to war and the temporary judicial war decisions part of the
Constitution. Timing is critical, as the nation is tired and aspires
for peace and recovery, and without the adoption of the amendment the
end of the war may mean a compromise that leaves slavery in place.
Abraham Lincoln will make all possible political maneuvering in order
to have the amendment pass, in a Congress where he did not have the
required majority. There is an interesting dilemma here about using
'unclean' political means in order to achieve a just cause and this is
one of the principal themes. There are two problems here however in my
opinion. One is that the political intrigues occupy a good half if not
more of the film, and what we get on the screen is a painfully long
succession of bearded gentlemen under top hats arguing and bribing for
the good cause. I guess some of the American audiences are more
familiar with the historical characters, but even so this is a long and
repetitive succession of more of the same, and even the climax scene of
the voting in the House misses some of the thrill I have expected. The
other problem is the political speak which is attributed to almost all
characters in the film. Maybe the script writers used fragments from
speeches, I do not know, but there is too much rhetoric, too many
historical sentences are being said by many characters (not only by
Lincoln) and even in what should have been day-to-day situations. The
overall result seemed to me tiring and emphatic. It is actually the
non-political secondary threads that seemed more interesting  for
example the agonizing decision of the parents Lincoln not allowing
their elder son to fight in the war. This dilemma would have deserved a
film by itself, a smaller but maybe better one.Much was said and written (even a cover story in TIME Magazine) about
Daniel Day-Lewis's impersonation of Lincoln. He is good but far in my
opinion from his own creation in 'My Left Foot' or from Joaquin
Phoenix's act in 'The Master' (best acting of the year in my view). The
way he is filmed does not help, too many frames are looking towards
catching his silhouette or making his profile look like the pictures
which represent Lincoln in his time. Again, when he is human, when his
words are not taken from speeches he looks and sounds better, but this
is only for part of the time. Rhetoric prevailed in the building of
this role, and Spielberg's scope looks like creating as many scenes to
quote, but less to link them in a fluent story as he knows to do that
well. I liked much more the supporting roles of Sally Field as a
Lincoln's wife, or maybe the wife of all presidents or great men who
sacrifice their personal lives for the greater causes, and of Tommy Lee
Jones as the radical pro-abolitionist politician Thaddeus Stevens, a
man whose life was dedicated to the fight against slavery, but who
knows to make the right political move at the critical moment to
achieve the legal confirmation of the dream, at a tough personal price
with respect to his own ideals. In a movie where so many characters
including the one that gives the name of the film are no more than
rhetoric symbols, these two living heroes played by the two great
actors make a refreshing difference.
