8
What to expect when you're expecting:simple and unexpectedly nice

Director Kirk Jones (liked his other movie too, Everybody's fine) did a
good job again directing a simple and well known concept pertaining to
the process of pregnancy and child birth : takes a man and a woman to
bring a baby into this world. This movie is mainly about how every
woman and man go through the tribulations of this aspect of life's
journey differently. Cameron Diaz as Jules , fitness guru ( a la
Jillian Michaels of Biggest loser) is in great shape and is happy to be
impregnated by Evan (matthew Morrison). Elizabeth banks,Wendy,
encourages people to breastfeed babies and goes through a very tough
pregnancy and has full support from her husband Gary ( Ben Falcone from
Bridesmaids and TV shows: Yes, dear and Curb your enthusiasm). Brooklyn
Decker as the young wife of Dennis Quaid( father of Gary) is very
naturally young and has a very easy twin pregnancy. Anna
Kendrick(Rosie) loses her baby , pregnant after just one night stand
with Marco (Chace Crawford). Rosie and Marco are sad after losing baby.
Rosie has a very positive attitude and has confidence that because she
is young she will definitely have many more chances at pregnancy. On
the other hand, Jennifer Lopez as Holly is ready for adopting Ethiopian
baby after going through several attempts at making babies in different
ways. She feels miserable after losing contract as a photographer and
feels like a loser. All the actors did well. I enjoyed watching
Elizabeth banks and Brooklyn Decker(Just go with it) the most. I like
Kendrick and she does well in any role (Up in the air, 50/50). Cameron
Diaz and Jennifer Lopez did well. Among the male actors ,Ben Falcone
was convincing as a very supportive husband of Banks. I felt the slap
when Banks slapped Falcone demanding pain medications during labor....
Pregnancies are tough. No wonder Mother's day and father's day are
special....
