7
Self/less

I found the premise of Self/less fascinating, because it belongs to the
genuine stratum of "serious" science fiction which employs imaginary
concepts to explore the hidden realities of human experience.
Unfortunately, the middle part of the film degenerates into a kinda
bland action film with the hero chased by insipid villains, while he
tries to defend a woman (and her daughter) of an unknown destiny.
Shootouts, fights, chases... exactly like in dozens of generic action
movies. Where were those captivating science fiction ideals left? They
only appear on the beginning and at the ending of Self/less. The rest
is pre-fabricated and predictable filler which dilutes the impact of
the film and its speculative potential. Nevertheless, I found Self/less
entertaining thanks to the solid performances from Ryan Reynolds and
Matthew Goode in the typical roles of "Creature" and "Dr. Frankenstein"
(respectively) who played with the destiny, and now have to pay the
consequences. With the exception of the science fiction concept, the
screenplay doesn't display too much imagination, but at least, it's
well handled by director Tarsem Singh, who left his usual over-
elaborate style aside for a moment in order to keep a dynamic flow of
the action with adequate drama respites. Sure, Singh controlled his
tendency to the visual excesses, but that doesn't mean the fact that
Self/less lacks of style and aesthetic value; on the opposite, he took
the maximum advantage of the locations and cinematography in order to
create clear and visually interesting sequences, something which is
helpful to overcome the most improbable points of the screenplay, and
reduce the effect of the logical jumps and forced revelations we had
already seen coming many minutes before. I think Self/less would have
been more satisfactory if it had invested the middle part of the story
into the contemplation of the ethical and psychological consequences of
a "mind transplant". It deals with those topics to a certain point, but
always on a superficial way, like if it was afraid of scaring the
spectators who only want to see shootouts and explosions. In other
words, the most valuable elements of the screenplay are relegated to
simple details and hollow homilies, instead of bringing them the weight
and space they deserved. On the other hand, the films with too much
philosophical wordiness tend to be box office flops, so I understand
the disjunctive faced by co-screenwriters David and √Ålex Pastor,
trapped between a solid science fiction idea and the necessity of
adorning it with generic action in order to attract a wider audience. I
can give a moderate recommendation to Self/less mainly because of its
creative premise and good direction, even though it fell short on its
combination of genres. The promise of immortality for the greatest
minds in History is a very attractive idea, and it offers abundant
narrative possibilities; however, Self/less didn't have enough ambition
to explore them, and it preferred the safety of the action format, in
which it's simpler to copy what other films have done.
