1
Beyond bad...

This movie is so bad, I don't even know where to start. None of it
makes any sense. Many basic movie making mistakes make it look like it
is done by an amateur film crew. A guy waving a burning US flag, and it
is more than obvious that it is CGI burn. An Iranian woman running
towards the camera and looking directly into the camera, not even
angry, but clearly having fun. In the next shot, from the side, she is
gone. That is basic continuity. The head of security for the US embassy
out of the blue decides to open the door to 'reason with these people',
only to be taken hostage within 5 microseconds. That is beyond stupid.
The entire film crew plot never makes any sense and is never put to
work, as everything comes down to a security guard at the airport by
accident reading about the filming of the movie. Right. What are the
chances of him having a magazine on his table, and accidentally
stumbling upon just that article ? The guard then calls the office in
LA, which had already been shut down, but Goodman and Arkin for some
inexplicable reason HAVE to go there in a hurry, even at the expense of
ruining the shooting for another movie. What do they want in that
office, and why the hurry ? The final car chase at the airport is the
low point. There is no way an open jeep can keep up with a commercial
airliner at full takeoff speed. This is one of the worst movies I have
ever seen. Just another Ben Affleck ego trip, as we are treated to
many, many closeups of his face.
