9
Scariest Movie of Haunted House and Exorcism that I Have Seen in Years

In 1971, the family man Roger Perron (Ron Livingston) and his wife
Carolyn (Lili Taylor) move to an old farmhouse in Rhode Island with
their daughters Andrea (Shanley Caswell), Nancy (Hayley McFarland),
Christine (Joey King), Cindy (Mackenzie Foy) and April (Kyla Deaver).
The family finds a hidden basement which the entrance is locked with
planks. Soon they are haunted by noises and ghosts and Carolyn meets
the famous paranormal investigators Lorraine (Vera Farmiga) and Ed
Warren (Patrick Wilson). They visit the house and Lorraine and Ed feel
that the house is possessed by a fiend. Their further investigation
shows that a witch has sacrificed her seven-day baby to Satan and has
possessed other mothers that lived in the real estate to kill their
children. Lorraine and Ed bring his friends Drew (Shannon Kook) and
Brad (John Brotherton) to help them to collect evidences to convince
the Church that it is necessary an exorcism to save The Perron family
from evil."The Conjuring" is the scariest movie of haunted house and exorcism
that I have seen in years and the best horror movie after "Insidious".
The director James Wan, from "Insidious", makes another great horror
movie using the usual clichés of the genre but with high quality. The
escalating of tension is based on the atmosphere in the house and the
terror experienced by the Perron family and supported by a great cast
with Lily Taylor, Vera Farmiga, Patrick Wilson and Ron Livingstone.
Patrick Wilson, from "Insidious", switches position and now performs a
paranormal investigator instead of a haunted family man. The
magnificent camera work is impressive with unusual angles. My vote is
nine.Title (Brazil): "Invocação do Mal" ("The Conjuring")Note: On 10 July 2016, I saw this film again on Blu-Ray,
