8
Fun horror/comedy. Perfect for Halloween

When I saw the trailer for this movie I admit I rolled my eyes and
groaned that they were trotting out the circular time gimmick again. It
was of course classic in Groundhog Day, but never seemed to click since
then. I was dubious, but after seeing it with my own eyes, I can say I
had a great time. I'm not sure if Blum House intended it to be funny,
but it had a lot of humor in it, enough I would say to qualify it as a
dark comedy. The cast was superb and while it didn't offer anything
groundbreaking in terms of murders/deaths, I didn't mind because the
story was so well connected and it really had me guessing right up
until the end. Another litmus test for the quality of this movie is
that the audience was rather quiet during the presentation. I've been
to enough of these films to know that when you get a young audience
seated in the dark and the film is a snooze, they'll start to talk and
whisper and just annoy the Hell out of you. This movie managed to hold
the attention of the entire audience and in this day and age I must
say, that is an achievement in and of itself. I wasn't prepared to
enjoy Happy Death Day as much as I did, but even I can admit when I was
wrong. It worked from start to finish. I wasn't aware that Scott
Lobdell wrote the script, but when I saw his name in the credits, I
realized another reason I enjoyed it. I am familiar with his writing in
the comic book industry and he is one of the more notable scribes. It's
good to see the skills transfer.
