8
Entertaining horror film

Annabelle is a spin off movie from the conjuring. Not really a sequel,
it has no relation to the conjuring other than the Annabelle doll
itself. Ed and Lorraine Warren are referenced but they aren't actually
in the movie. It focuses on a couple that is getting ready to have a
baby and they are living next door to an older married couple that has
an adult daughter that's run away and joined a cult. At some point the
daughter of the couple returns home and her and the other members of
her cult do some very bad things.... and that leads to a demon
possessed doll named Annabelle. The couple starts to experience
mysterious goings on once they're baby is born and they've moved to a
new home. With the help of a priest and a friend (Alfre Woodard) they
try everything to keep their family safe and get rid of the evil. I
really liked the actors and thought they did well with their roles. I
liked Woodard's performance a lot, she was a very sentimental
character, a newfound friend of Mia that helps them fight the demon.
Annabelle Wallis (what a coincidence lol) was very good as Mia, the new
mother who is the first to notice these satanic occurrences. I also
thought that ward horton was convincing and a good pick to play the
loving father/husband of the endangered family. The movie has some
genuinely frightening moments. One of those moments being when Mia sees
the demon in human form, that scene was scarier to me than anything in
the conjuring or in the rest of Annabelle. I was scared more overall by
this film than the conjuring. If you like a good horror movie, I
suggest Annabelle. The ending is good too, meaningful in a way. 8/10.
