9
The Intern is The Boss!

Robert De Niro, as a retired 70 year old who re-enters the work force
and proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that oldies are still
goodies.also proves just why he is a star as he shines so bright in
this movie as to be blinding. He is perfection. There are some actors
that the older they get, the better they get, and De Niro is most
certainly one. Anne Hathaway, as the genius behind a too-fast growing
company is playing what I consider one of her best roles yet. And Rene
Russo is still gorgeous as ever. I was impressed, also, by Anders Holm
who played Hathaway's husband. But then, actually, I was impressed with
everyone in this movie. There really wasn't a single thing or character
I would change in this one, and that's saying something. The casting,
the plot, the dialogueand fancy this, it was a funny, touching,
enjoyable picture with NO foul language, NO overly-suggestive crude
garbage that usually just makes the audience cringe. It was well
written, well -acted, and well presented. All rare these days where
just the writing ability seems to have dwindled into the dirt. This one
is evidence that there are still writers and creators who have talent
out there. More movie producers should make a point of seeking and
finding them! This is a fun movie that you are going to be recommending
to everyone within reading or hearing distance. One of the best films
we've seen in some time and left us all smiling as we left the
building.
