8
An innocent comedy movie that not just makes you laugh your hearts out but makes you think as the movie proceeds. Brilliant work done by Rajkumar Hirani and Aamir Khan.

2 things: Aamir Khan, Rajkumar Hirani. Actually, one needs nothing more
than this to go and watch the movie. Two of the finest people in their
craft when join hands, you can expect nothing short of a BLOCKBUSTER,
in every sense of the word. Saw this movie first day, first show and
might I add the occupancy of the theater was about 60% for a 10:00 am
show. That speaks for itself about the enthusiasm that people had about
the movie. The year 2014 has surely ended with a SMASH HIT. I was
disappointed with Aamir after Dhoom 3 and I guess I am not alone but
this movie makes up for everything, every darn thing. It is not Aamir's
best performance but would surely count as one of his best. What makes
it so bloody brilliant is the story which takes some pretty serious
subject matters and portrays them to the audience in a way that the
audience can only laugh, and when in the serious scenes, they do not
laugh, what they do is reflect over what happened and THINK and the
obvious BRILLIANT direction by Rajkumar Hirani. This movie makes you
THINK. PK caters to both the types of audiences, one who just want
uninhibited CRAZINESS and just want to ENJOY their time while they
watch a movie, and the other, who want the movie to make sense and make
you think, they want to learn something from it. THIS MOVIE CATERS TO
BOTH!! Sushant Singh Rajput was used adequately in the movie, some
might feel his role was small but I don't think so. Sanjay Dutt does
justice to his role too. Boman Irani had a small role, smaller than
that of Sanjay Dutt's. Anushka Sharma was pretty okay. Nothing great or
spectacular. Oh and, watch out for that SURPRISE at the end of the
movie!! PLEASE GO AND WATCH, YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!
