7
Derivative half-comic slasher flick proves you can't go wrong when you steal from the best

Jessica Rothe is amusingly pithy and savvy playing a selfish college
beauty, a spoiled sorority sister who rules the school until she is
stabbed and killed on her way to a surprise birthday party by a masked
lunatic. But fate plays this campus cutie an unusual hand once she
discovers she's living her birthday over and over again, each time
attempting to cheat death but always running into her attacker.
Screenwriter Scott Lobdell isn't trying to sneak a slasher variant of
"Groundhog Day" passed us--he's upfront about the similarities, even
exalts in them, while toying with all the possibilities such a scenario
can offer. It takes Rothe three tries to fully comprehend what's
happening to her; once she formulates a plan (creating a suspect list),
Lobdell mixes things up, so that the movie rarely feels repetitive. Our
heroine, snarky to start, follows Bill Murray's example and becomes a
better person on her twisted journey (reestablishing contact with her
father, apologizing to her roommate, even causing her own demise on one
occasion to prevent the cute nerd from the boys' dorm from losing his
life). Director Christopher B. Landon deserves credit for delivering a
modern-day thriller with lots of action but no gore and no nudity. If
it isn't quite a family-friendly slasher flick, it certainly is a
squirrelly, sassy one, with some big laughs counterbalancing the
suspense. Good show! *** from ****
