10
Not really a review but an explanation towards all the critics...

Critics have lost their way. They have rated this film average/below
average because they dislike the tease of Godzilla in the movie and say
an improvement would be having him centre stage every scene he's in.
When you look back to some of the greatest, most tense horror/sci-fi
films like Jaws or Alien, you will see that they don't always show the
creature from the start, but little snippets, building tension
throughout the movie. They call this a B-movie because they enter the
screening with the mindset that its cheesy because they don't
understand the meaning behind Gojira itself, making it sound like just
another monster movie when it's not. The fans are speaking out, showing
their appreciation for the movie and love for the view Gareth is giving
Godzilla, but the critics do not. Never listen to them; their opinions
don't stand for the millions that actually GET what the director was
trying to establish here.Also, if you're a monster movie type of person, go see this. If you're
not, don't go see it. It is that simple. Don't go judging on how bad an
actor is in a film when you can't even memorize a single line. Don't go
writing a review that is completely biased just because you do not know
the concept and origin of Godzilla. Half of these reviews are trolls
anyway so it is best to ignore them (and including me if I sound
ignorant). If you like monsters or Godzilla, go see it and make up your
mind. If you don't, then spend your money on something else.
