2
Will keep kids entertained, but grown-ups with critical capabilities will probably despise it

I very firmly believe that Trolls is the summation of cinematic
garbage. It is only for one specific reason that I give this "movie"
more than 1 star, and that is because it will most likely entertain
your children. Where to even begin? At the beginning we are introduced
to the main antagonists, the Bergens. It is rather unfortunate that
most of the Bergens are more fleshed out than the main characters. Who
are the main characters, you may ask? The titular Trolls. The Trolls
can hardly even be called characters. None of them have any
personalities, and I could just barely tell them apart from each other
by their physical traits. There was ONE character I did not despise at
the beginning, the character of Branch, a Troll who refuses to be happy
like the rest of the village. This character was the only thing keeping
me from falling asleep and completely despising this movie. However, he
eventually is given a sob-story background, and becomes yet another of
the cookie-cutter personalities infesting this picture like lice. In
addition, the script is awful and generic, and the film cannot even
decide what tone it wishes to take. Finally, my biggest gripe is that
the Trolls are basically invincible. They are a community of Mary Sues
and Gary Stus, who cannot seem to ever be harmed, even if they are
repeatedly attacked. How did Dreamworks expect audiences to be
emotionally invested in the narrative, when the main "characters" are
never in any danger? I cannot recommend this movie, unless you wish to
entertain your children for a short while.
