3
No Genius

1. Don't call a seven year old a genius as done throughout this movie.
Especially since it's initially based on arithmetic tricks. Movie
failed to explore her development and talents - what a wasted
opportunity. 2. Similarly, "Autistic savants" often show above the norm
skills in some area, but that is not genius. 3. A put-down on special
schools for gifted as being an abnormal environment or an environment
for "not normal" kids shows a lack of knowledge on the subject by the
writers, etc. The majority of students, more so than in regular
schools, are highly involved in extracurricular activities such as
sports, music, 2/3-D arts. Even the other end of the special schools
with ADHD, learning, behavioral issues are often quite intelligent and
they are no less normal. 4. Teachers, again usually shown in movies, do
not reflect how most teaching is done (calling on ss to answer 1+1?
Please!). Classroom behavior by teachers and students reflect selling
an image to the public. 5. Teacher - father hook-up/interaction was
stupid, misdirecting, and again more selling a movie to the public.
Detracted from the real story. 6. The trial was a farce made to create
a dramatic conflict tug-of-war of wealth against poor to, again, sell.
7. Daughter goes with lower/middle income pseudo-dad in a contrived
wealthy vs. working scenario seemed all too superficial and made to
sell to an audience with similar demographics. 8. If she had gone to a
school with highly educated, motivated instructors & students she might
have taken a coding class; developed her own app; been a
multimillionaire by age 20; given half of her wealth to the Malala
Foundation to educate girls in countries where they don't know if
they'll be alive at the end of the school day in part because a desire
for education is haram (forbidden).
