3
An Epic ... Fail

As I loved The 300, I expected a fascinating mix of action, pathos and
inspired history in this sequel. What I received was an uninspired,
pathetic and unmoving piece of non-history. The bright spot was
Artemisia's portrayal; what was, frankly, boring was the meaningless
violence. Meaningless, because the viewer was given no reason to care
for the main character, Themistokles, nor for Athens, nor for the
Greeks as a whole. The back stories for why both Artemisia and Xerxes
turned vengeful were compelling. (Though, as a PhD historian, I can
attest they are both ludicrously false.) But for the Greeks, there
simply is no backstory, no reason to care for them at all. "Oh, Athens
is burning, ... meh." What is worse, the actual history could have
given a plot that the film sorely lacked -- a tiny, terrified democracy
is convinced, by free speech and a weird prophecy, to allow itself to
be physically destroyed. Then the Greeks allow all to ride on
Themistokles' desperate gamble, to trick the Persian fleet into
attacking them in the straights of Salamis. (By the way, Artemisia
actually tries to convince Xerxes to NOT send the fleet in.) The film
gives us no portrayal of Athens, democracy, weird prophecies, or
Themistokles' true brilliance. Nor does it reveal that the nascent
Western world was balanced on a knife edge. Instead, we are expected to
believe that a horse and Sparta come to the rescue. Pathos has become
simply pathetic. Not even Ozzy's excellent "War Pigs" could keep people
seated during the credits.
