10
Be My Guest

This is a movie where when paying attention to every scene the viewer
is rewarded with meaningful and purposeful action and dialog not
suspecting that all the while something is afoot but what? That's why
you stay tuned and glued to the screen not wanting to miss out on what
is being acted out or presented. This is the first time I have come
across this type of thriller. You see not only does this movie
entertain but it also challenges you to take a side and share a point
of view that when done is doubted because of the next scene and what
takes place. Just when you think you have a reasonable explanation for
what is and has taken place, a new fact enters in making you say "what
is going on" in a good way. At that point, you are wholly committed and
don't know that you have been captured and the movie now has you in its
grasp. This is quality entertainment. Kudos to the story teller, the
director and actors for pulling off a nice memorable movie that you
will want to not only discuss but recommend as well. I always watch
Netlfix with subtitles because I have learned so much goes on in movies
that one may miss and the sub titles make little comments like wind
blowing or so & so is speaking or car door slamming enabling the viewer
to become intimate with the flick. My wife and I read every line and
even rewound a couple of scenes to see if we were "getting this". All
and all a good, decent ride. Highly recommend sunflower seeds or
popcorn so you don't chew your nails to shreds and forget about any and
all distractions (cell phone) too. Give this movie your time and it
will give you a nice return on that time guaranteed
