1
Yeech!!!

Just because the parents made several good movies doesn't mean that
they passed the 'good movie' gene along to their children. First-time
writer-director Hallie Meyers-Shyer is the daughter of Nancy Meyers,
who directed "What Women Want" (2000), "Something's Gotta Give" (2003),
"The Holiday" (2006), "It's Complicated" (2009), and "The Intern"
(2015). Furthermore, her father, Charles Shyer is best known for
"Irreconcilable Differences" (1984), "Baby Boom" (1987), "Father of the
Bride" (1991), "I Love Trouble" (1994), and "Father of the Bride, Part
II" (1995). Now, Meyers-Shyer has made her cinematic debut as the
director of "Home Again," a sickly-sweet, featherweight, contemporary
romantic comedy about love, friendship, and families that comes laden
with clich√©s. Indeed, if you look scrutinize it, you may spot the tale
of Goldilocks and the Three Bears lurking in this treacle-flavored,
feel-good comedy that would send a Grinch into convulsions. America's
sweetheart Reese Witherspoon plays Alice Kenny, a fortysomething mom
who uproots her two young daughters from New York City and moves back
to her hometown Los Angeles. Alice has grown weary of her stale
marriage to her smug, British-born, music mogul husband, Austen
(Michael Sheen of "Passengers"), who has made it a habit of coming home
with Jose Cuervo on his breath. Now that she is back in L.A., where her
mom, former movie starlet Lillian Stewart (Candice Bergen of "Soldier
Blue") lives, Alice decides to embark on a free-lance career as an
interior home designer. Meantime, her two daughters, Isabel (Lola
Flanery of "Trauma") and Rosie (Eden Grace Redfield of "The Glass
Castle") find the transition from East Coast to West Coast a little
disconcerting. Truth be told, Alice is feeling a bit blue, too. Among
other things, this frivolous potboiler involves a May-December romance
between Witherspoon and a far younger Romeo that kindles few sparks as
well as some screwball humor about one of our heroine's flaky clients.
Ironically, the advertising campaign for "Home Again" insists that:
"Starting over is not for beginners." Comparably, starting up is not
for beginners either, considering that Hallie Meyers-Shyer's freshman
effort is as inoffensive as it is lukewarm.Mind you, Alice and her daughters have little trouble finding a place
to live. They settle into the palatial bungalow where Alice once lived
as a child with her late father, John Kenny (David Netto), a renowned
director of 1970's era art-house movies. Later, during an
alcohol-fueled birthday party at a local restaurant with her
girlfriends, Alice runs into three aspiring, twentysomething filmmakers
who have just been evicted from their hotel because they cannot pay
their rent. You couldn't find a nicer trio of handsome, charming, broke
guys like Harry (Pico Alexander of "War Machine"), Teddy (Nat Wolff of
"Paper Towns"), and their friend George (Jon Rudnitsky of "Patchwork"),
but where did these guys get the money to pay for those drinks? Anyway,
the party grows legs, and everybody winds up at Alice's place.
Hormone-addled Harry cannot resist making a pass at Alice, and Alice
cannot resist the 27-year old stud muffin's confidence. They wallow in
some guilt-free sex behind closed doors. The two awaken the following
morning without any concerns about indiscretion, and Harry treats Alice
like a princess. The night before Alice went out with her girlfriends,
she had entrusted Isabel and Rosie to the care and supervision of her
mother. Lillian was supposed to take the girls to school. Instead, she
brings them over to find everybody recovering from their mild
Bacchanalian without any repercussions. It doesn't hurt matters that
the guys worship the films of Alice's late father. Moreover, they not
only recognize, but they also idolize Lillian, who starred in John
Kenny's movies. Lillian revels in their adulation and rustles up
breakfast for them while recounting her glory days in Tinseltown.
Later, she convinces a reluctant Alice to let these adorable dudes move
into the guest-house rent-free until they can get on their feet. As it
turns out, Harry, Teddy, and George have just signed with a Hollywood
talent agency, and they are struggling to get their short movie
produced as a feature length film. It doesn't hurt matters that Harry's
brother Teddy knows how to cook, and George becomes Isabel's best
friend. Furthermore, George inspires Isabel to write a play for her
elementary school about her family. Naturally, Alice's jealous husband
learns about this odd arrangement and tears himself away from his
business to fly out to Los Angeles so he can reunite with his daughters
and perhaps even reconcile with Alice. He is also around to make sure
that Alice doesn't make a fool of herself with gallant Harry. Indeed,
Alice does make a fool of herself with Harry, before she realizes the
error of her ways. Meantime, the guys don't care for Austen any more
than he cares for them. Inevitably, this happy house of cards
collapses, and Alice explains to Harry that they aren't made for each
other. Teddy and Austen clash in the most inoffensive and sloppy
fistfight in cinematic history. Naturally, Alice intervenes, and she
sends the guys packing, much to Austen's delight. No sooner have they
left the premises than Alice lowers the boom on Austen and asks for a
divorce. "Home Again" is not one of Reese Witherspoon's better efforts. It lacks
the sparkle of her better movies, such as "Sweet Home Alabama" and
"Freeway," and conjures up none of the wit of her "Legally Blonde"
chick flicks. Nothing about this breezy but superficial saga is
remotely memorable, and it relies primarily on hopeless artifice that
amounts to sheer fantasy. Basically, this movie resembles a situation
comedy where nobody suffers any consequences for their actions, and
everybody kisses and makes up without any lingering ill will to others.
Finally, most moviegoers may find it difficult to sympathize with our
affluent white protagonist who doesn't have to struggle to assert
herself. Ultimately, "Home Again" qualifies as 'a comfort food movie'
for audiences that prefer to shun anything approaching reality.
