7
Strong source material, cast and detail overcome confused and shaky 1st reel.

I had the privilege of seeing this film in preview in the famous
Tuschinski theatre in the heart of the canal district in Amsterdam.
Having enjoyed the novel whilst living there in 2011, I have watched as
it's release dates have been continually changed giving all the signs
of a production in distress. Early rumours of poor test screenings can
be damaging whether true or not! Like another reviewer I found the
opening narration at odds with the images and consequently confusing.
The first 40 minutes edited in a pedestrian style merely to tick off
necessary plot points, and without any sensitivity to mood or place, so
prevalent in the novel. Strangely, the movie seemed to be both full of
beautiful 'pictures', historical detail, visual treats and mood, and
yet at the same time, the continued use of one street set left it
feeling small and enclosed and almost like stage set. Little sense of
Amsterdam as a City State enjoying a glorious rise on the world stage.
At that point (after 40 minutes) having laid out the plot points and
established the characters, the film starts to build, thanks to the
real tension in the original story, a good script and some fine
performances. I got over a niggling feeling of disappointment at the
'smallness' of the set production, and instead decided to enjoy the
abundant visual detail and the way the story started to rip along.
Ultimately the great story rose above the shaky first reel and the
production design above its limited scale. I was with two friends who
hadn't read the book, and we all three came to really enjoy the film,
despite the confused and hurried beginnings. It deserves to rise above
its production history and be widely seen and enjoyed. It doesn't quite
reach the heights of the source material, but it's far from a failure
with much to enjoy.
