9
Bold, Brilliant, and might just turn you Vegan

Bong Joon Ho is without a doubt one of the top five or ten working
directors today. When it comes to juggling genre and tone almost no one
is his equal. With an all-star international cast and its production by
Netflix, this may be his most accessible movie yet; however, it may
also be his most bizarre. It's the kind of movie that will leave you
laughing one minute, crying the next, and then raising your eyebrows
the next. It's so refreshing to see a film not conform to easy plot
points and pandering like this film could have done so many times.
Rather it takes tonal and story risks that consistently pay off. It
helps that it maintains a solid satirical tone throughout allowing even
the dysfunctional and reprehensible characters to remain interesting
and some even likable. The actors are all terrific, particularly Ahn
Seo Hung in her film debut. She keeps the emotional component grounded
throughout the film and provides the most resonating moments. The only
performer who may not resonate with everyone is Jake Gyllenhaal.
Gyllenhaal goes all out insane for his role and while I enjoyed the
lunacy, many will not be fans. My only complaint was that some of the
scenes with Tilda Swinton descended into too much exposition which
hinders some of the pacing. Despite the familiarity of the story, it
will consistently sneak up on you with wonderful unexpected moments.
Its another example of the daring and beautiful films coming from
Korea, the best country for cinema in the past decade. If studios don't
want to lose out to Netflix, they need to be willing to back the same
kind of talent and allow for the same kind of artistic freedom.Pro-tip: Watch past the end credits
