6
Entertaining 'B' Movie

I saw "Wish Upon", starring Joey King-White House Down, The Conjuring;
Ryan Phillippe-Shooter_tv, MacGruber; Elisabeth Rohm-The Last Ship_tv,
Mega Shark vs. Mecha Shark and Sherilyn Fenn-Ray Donovan_tv, Gilmore
Girls_tv.This is a teen horror movie that is loosely based on a short story by
W.W. Jacobs called 'The Monkey's Paw'. Joey plays a high school teen
that has the usual teen problems; she is not the most popular in
school, does not have the hot boyfriend, her father embarrasses her,
etc. Her father, Ryan, goes around the neighborhood scrounging through
other people's trash, trying to make a living-see? embarrassing.
Elisabeth plays Joey's mother, who committed suicide right in front of
Joey when she was just a small child-great for scarring a kid for life,
I must say. Sherilyn plays a friendly neighbor. Ryan discovers a
mysterious box with Chinese writing on it and gives it to Joey. Joey
can make out some of the markings on the box-she just happens to be
taking Chinese in school-and gets a fellow classmate to help her with
the rest of the translations. It seems the box will give whoever is in
possession of it 7 wishes. The down side is that each wish has a blood
sacrifice clause- someone has to die. As each wish takes it's toll on
Joey-she gets more and more like Gollum wanting her precious wishes-she
gets more desperate and says she can quit anytime she wants, which of
course is not true. It is an entertaining film, the elaborate deaths
sort of remind me of the Final Destination movies. As the end credits
start, there is a scene but nothing at the very end. It's rated "PG-13"
for violent and disturbing images and language and has a running time
of 1 hour & 35 minutes. I don't know if I would buy it on DVD but like
I said earlier, it is entertaining and it would be well worth a rental.
