1
Bloody awful.

My seven year old was excited to see it. I expected it to be pish. But
it was worse than I imagined. I fell asleep a few times but the
annoying yelling pretend dialogue woke me up. I couldn't even get a nap
out of my wasted afternoon. At least I didn't have to worry about my
kid laughing too loudly and disturbing anyone else's sleep. He got
bored too. Just utter crap. They clearly spent a lot on the music. The
Beatles, the kinks, and van Halens eruption as a guitar solo at the
merciful end to this travesty of a film. If only they had spent the
money on a scriptwriter rather than the over- caffeinated sixth graders
they got hopped up on juice boxes before handing them some paper to
defecate on and call that a script. The humor in the film was non
existent. I expected lots of broad fart jokes and low brow stupidity
aimed at chimps, five year olds, and the same kind of morons who made
Kevin James a star. What I got was obvious pop culture references not
as punchlines or set up for jokes. Just there. As if the existence of a
reference to something recognizable was in and of itself funny. Perhaps
it served as a confidence booster for the gump-like, slack jawed,
troglodytes that were the target audience. They could all feel jolly
clever after recognizing such obscure references as the Beatles. Well
done. If I had a time machine and only choose to change one thing in
the pas, forget hitter, I would go back to stop whoever green lit this
cinematic excretion.
