10
A stunning storyline!

This movie was absolutely stunning in every way! Blake Lively does a
fantastic job of portraying the main character with how she talks, her
body language, her responses to things/situations while also having a
slight essence of a modern woman as well. How it would feel if a person
had to go through life, constantly lying to people she cared about, not
getting too close to people, running away from relationships, seeing
her own Daughter grow older. Basically never being able to fully enjoy
her life, just existing! I've watched Blake Lively in other movies, TV
shows and I have to say her performance in this role is by far her
best. I was totally fascinated by this storyline, especially with the
flashbacks (anyone who's a lover of history will enjoy that part) and
although it has been criticized that it had narration, I actually
thought that was a good idea-the narration part is what helped viewers
understand her life, otherwise we'd be guessing and drawing our own
conclusions or wondering. Most of us go through life, occasionally
wishing for some years back...this movie does a great job at getting it
across that it would not necessarily be better to go through life,
never ageing. All the people you care about that would outlive you, it
would be heartbreaking and is ultimately no life to live, if you can
never get close to anyone. It is far better to live a life that can be
fully enjoyed and appreciated, without ever having to hold back...and
of course to grow old with the ones you love. Michiel Huisman also
played his part very well too, the part where he just accepts the news
near the end is as it should be from someone who truly loves a person,
accept them for who they are. In all honesty, I cannot fault this movie
in any way, brilliant storyline, amazing cast and a perfect ending! All
in all, very touching and heartwarming 10/10
