4
An escapist fantasy

Of course all gay men have been there. You spend your summer holiday on
your father's estate, meets gorgeous young man, fall in love... Call Me
By Your Name is a well executed movie which is actually nothing more
than an escapist gay fantasy. Long before gay-themed movies and books
became mainstream, stories like this one were abundant in LGBT
periodicals. Of course this story (like practically any other story)
has already been told. The very first example which comes to my mind is
Brokeback Mountain. The recently released BBC produced mini-series Man
In An Orange Shirt is also worth mentioning. Elio is handsome and
young, his father is rich and owns a luxurious villa in Europe. When
spending his summer holidays on his father's estate Elio meets Oliver
who is also handsome and young and just happens to be gay. The guys
spend a lot of time together, swimming, bicycling and visiting
neighboring cities. Eventually they have sex. But wait! The story is
set in the early 1980-s. So, they can not be together. And their lives
take them in different directions. The end. I have no idea if gay man
who will watch this movie (and they definitely will watch it because
Armie Hammer playing Oliver is very hot even from my straight point of
view) will be able to relate to these characters and their story. After
all as I said it is a well executed escapist gay themed fantasy.
Watchable but not memorable.
