10
Ladies and Gentleman, The Academy Award for Best Male Actor goes to.........JOHNNY DEPP!!!

The icy blue eyes of notorious Boston crime boss James "Whitey" Bulger
stare out from the screen in Scott Cooper's "Black Mass" like the gaze
of some confident jungle predator calmly lying in wait, holding his
ground until the moment he moves in for the kill. And that same coolly
calculated composure extends to every aspect of how the actor playing
Bulger embodies the role, or rather disappears into it. But if Johnny
Depp's mesmerizing performance  a bracing return to form for the star
after a series of critical and commercial misfires  is the chief
selling point of "Black Mass," there is much else to recommend this
sober, sprawling, deeply engrossing evocation of Bulger's South Boston
fiefdom and his complex relationship with the FBI agent John Connolly,
played with equally impressive skill by Joel Edgerton. Something of an
anti-"The Departed" (which was partly inspired by the Bulger case), the
movie has an intentionally muted, '70s-style look and feel that may
limit its appeal to the date-night multiplex crowd, but quality-
starved adult moviegoers should flock to one of the fall's first
serious, awards-caliber attractions. Not only that but Benedict
Cumberbatch (who plays as a Senator and as Whitey's brother) has given
a stellar performance. He is truly a talented person who gives his all
in every film/show he acts.BOTTOM LINE: Johnny Depp deserves an Oscar, if not then at least a
nomination. Truly worth watching
