1
Rip-off of Bond film 'The world is Enough'.come out of Mass hysteria of hype

i cant believe that some people are giving 10 rating for this
pretentious,boring film.some are blinded by the hype and mass
hysteria.even though they feel the movie boring,they are not willing to
accept it.the guy who sat beside us in the theatre fell asleep halfway
through the film and after the completion of film,he woke up and
clapped.lol.all they want is part of batman patron and feel cool about
it.coming to the film,its a rip-off of Bond film 'The World is not
Enough'. In both films, the innocent woman is ultimately revealed to be
the true mastermind/villain and the "monstrous villain" works for her
out of devotion. Both are also willing to sacrifice themselves for
love. Not to mention Bane was very much like Renard (villain from
TWINE): a single named, intelligent anarchist terrorist with super
strength due to a disorder, and we are led to believe throughout the
bulk of both films that Bane and Renard are the masterminds behind the
plot. Then there's Miranda Tate and Elektra King; beautiful,foreign
businesswomen who deal in global energy.Both earn the trust of the hero
(Bond/Wayne) while becoming romantically involved with them, though
it's all a part of their plan to use the hero's company (MI6 and Wayne
Enterprises) to her own ends. The plans are basically the same as well:
steal reactor- nuclear material with the goal of nuking an entire city
(Gotham and Istanbul). Another leading lady who is foxy at first and
helps the hero later.character Q - Lucius fox with gadgets,M -
alfred.Just added the holy drama stuff like depressed,burdened,not
so-heroic Batman and hope for the city blah..blah.the icy
post-apocalyptic,anarchy episodes are boring.there are many plot-holes
and logicless scenes like taking a big city as hostage for months
