7
Inferior to the First "Insidious"

After the death of Elise, Renai (Rose Byrne) is interrogated by a
police detective about the supernatural events in the house. While the
police investigate the house, the Lambert family temporarily moves to
the old house of Lorraine Lambert (Barbara Hershey). Renai is haunted
by a woman in white and Josh (Patrick Wilson) has a strange behavior at
home. Meanwhile Lorraine seeks out Elise's partners Specs (Leigh
Whannell) and Tucker (Angus Sampson) expecting to find answers and who
killed Elise, and they summon the medium Carl (Steve Coulter) to
contact Elise using his dices. The name of the hospital where Lorraine
worked appears and they go to the place that is abandoned. They walk to
a room that was the ICU and Lorraine recalls an incident with the
terminal patient Parker Crane (Tom Fitzpatrick) that committed suicide
in the hospital. They find his address, and discloses that the hideous
serial- killer "The Bride in Black" was Parker indeed. Further,
Lorraine believes that her son Josh is trapped in the Further and
Parker has possessed his body. Carl, Specs and Tucker go to Lorraine's
house and find that Lorraine's assumption is correct. How can they
bring Josh back to his body?"Insidious: Chapter 2" is a good horror movie but inferior to the first
"Insidious". I am a big fan of "Insidious" that is my favorite horror
movie of this century but I also do not like sequels or remakes since
it is very difficult to repeat a masterpiece. James Wan uses elements
from "The Shinning" and "A Nightmare on Elm Street" together with the
clichés of haunted house movies to deliver this sequel. Unfortunately
it seems that in 2015 is foreseen the release of a third chapter of
"Insidious". Where was Kali when she vanishes? My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): "Sobrenatural: Capítulo 2" ("Supernatural: Chapter 2")
