5
A 2 hour long commercial

The Intern is a perfect example of the soulless crap Hollywood dares to
crank out. De Niro plays a retired 70 year old who is bored to death
and therefore seeks to work for free as an intern for a booming
e-commerce company run by Ann Hathaway. The film feels like one big fat
commercial (and it actually is). At this hipster e-com company everyone
works on Macs, Ann drives an Audi, she lives in a residential hipster
house. She drinks Stella Artois beer (they make sure you see the
label), brand names are also dropped (lego, Netflix), other products
are also clearly visible; Starbucks, Sony, Skype, Samsung,.. Even the
music sounds like music from a commercial (not joking!). Al these
'people' in the movie are the examples of successful hipsters and the
'problems' they have are just first world problems. I also could not
stand the characters: all these conflict avoiding, apologetic, overly
helpful nitwits. If you see De Niro playing this cardboard character
(it's written that way, he tries his best with it) it's hard to believe
this was the guy who played in Taxi Driver. The Intern is also so
Politically Correct it's sickening. You can feel being manipulated
while watching this garbage. It felt like these subliminal messages in
They Live. People should not have paid to see this, they should have
been paid to spend 2 hours being pounded by this extensive commercial
marinated in a forced 'feel good' message.
