1
I'll keep this short, sweet, and simple because this movie didn't.

So the re-team of 2011's Bad Teacher which I did like very much ends up
three years later to make a film that is so outdated with a story that
no one cares about. But that is the thing we never can go to a comedy
to see the plot because the best comedy limit there plot just enough to
add clever jokes to keep you in the seat the you paid for. Well guess
what this movie fails at every inch of trying to be like the 2010's
Date Night with Steve Carell and Tina Fey with them meeting a bunch of
colorful characters that you would rather see in a funnier movie. This
is one of the worst films of the year because of course it is boring
flat and dull but not even that justifies how bad it is. At least at
flipping least The Other Woman was kind alive and bright with it being
funny because I can see what people like in that movie. But this is
just gosh awful with nothing to convince you at least a single point of
being funny smart or even enjoyable because the actors don't even give
it there comedy all with nothing to do except run this tired plot into
the ground that goes no where.Do I like comedies? Heck yea. Good ones. But this is just not it. But people complain that nothing goes on in Neighbors but at least that
is a film that is alive and knows what it wants to be with a great team
up and execution that makes me dying laughing but this is just one word
awful. This is one Sex Tape that will not make anyone enjoy so do you
all yourself a favor and go see TF4, Apes, or anything else please
because this crap beyond belief.
