9
This year's Looper or Inception.

Twisty, turny and mind-bending, one viewing won't be enough for this
time travelling head scratcher. Two plots  one revolving around Ethan
Hawke's temporal agent seeking to stop a terrorist, the other following
the life of a precocious orphan who isn't quite like everybody else 
are intricately and intelligently woven together to not only build
tension but to explore provocative themes to spoiler-y to mention here.
In fact, Predestination is one of those movies its hard to say much of
anything about. It's such a meticulously drip-fed thriller  slowly and
superbly unravelling as each and every minute of the runtime ticks on 
that the real joy here is unwrapping and grasping (or attempting to any
rate) what it is you're actually witnessing. In his second
collaboration with Aussie filmmakers the Spierig Brothers, Hawke is in
career-best form as the veteran time traveller on the brink of burning
out, whilst relative newcomer Sarah Snook (born and bred South
Australian) is outstanding in a complex and demanding role that has
rightly grabbed the attention of Hollywood. The Spierig's also
demonstrate their diversity in both the writing and directing
departments, going from the enjoyable but tonally lightweight
splatter-fest Daybreakers to this altogether more mature, thematically
heavy and narratively elaborate sci-fi saga that still manages to
maintain a high excitement level. This year's Looper or Inception.
