1
Terrible

I only paid Â£4 to go and see this piece of sh*t and would gladly pay
ten times that to forget and have all memories of this atrocity to film
purged from my brain. The plot has more holes than a Swiss cheese.
Forget character or story development, huge parts of the movie don't
make any sense and a brief summary of a handful of my least favorite
moments. has been documented below. 1. Why was the original vampire in
the cave for all that time? As Dracula was not bound there and the
older guy apparently left immediately after passing on his vampire
powers, this must mean the old guy was just chilling there for shits
and giggles. Also once freed, no more was seen of what should
definitely have been an important character 2. What did Dracula's wife
die of? Definitely not falling as he caught her right before the
ground. The only reasonable explanation I could think of was death from
a shattered pelvis, which was the only part of her that actually did
hit the ground, but as she looked like she'd just fallen out of make-up
and conveniently had time to have a brief final chat with our 'hero'. I
find this lacking in all realism and confusing. Evidently the director
could not be f*ck ed to think of a suitable death for this character
but was also too rigid to deviate from the Hollywood 'sh*t movie check
list'. I found it offensive to the intelligence of the viewers. 3.
Given the gift to wipe out armies single handed, why did Dracula spend
the vast majority of the night time hanging out in the castle worrying
about how quickly morning was approaching. At one point he ordered
everyone to safety while he left to 'do some damage' to the invading
armies but instead it turns out he was just following his people from a
distance that was slightly too great to save the majority of them
should they be attacked (which they were). Surely this is a gross waste
of time and again, makes no sense whatsoever. 4. Dracula suddenly has
the power to move clouds over the sun so he can go on fighting even in
the day time. This fully overshadows the original idea that he would
have to be fighting during the night, as is the usual deal for most
vampire movies. 5. The end. Why? Unnecessary, unconnected to any other
part of the movie and stands as a big final f*ck you to the audience.
"If you've swallowed it up to this point then why the f*ck not set it
up for a sequel?" (good God please no) I rate this on par with movies
that use ploys such as "because a wizard did it" or "and then they woke
up to find it had all been a dream". It is worth saying that at least a
good portion of these fully accept the fact that this is a massive cop
out, unlike Dracula untold which appears to be an attempt at a serious
film. As it appears this movie was written and directed in
earnest,sadly this means that I, along with many other enraged film
fans, have been duped by a passionless Hollywood company/machine that
are currently balls-deep raping the film industry. I strongly implore
you not to watch this movie.
