10
Great reboot!!!

"Spoiler Warning Just to be Safe!!!" I liked the original three
Spiderman films as much as anybody, if not more, but I really feel like
they did an amazing job with this reboot. I may be in the minority, but
I feel like this film did a great job at handling Peter's change from
nerd to hero. Every character in this film felt human, and every actor
did a fantastic job with their respective characters. A lot people keep
comparing this to the original three films, and even more are saying
that they should of just made a fourth film instead of reboot...I
disagree. This film didn't reinvent the story, nor did it switch it up
much but what it did do was make the characters more relatable and made
this A lot closer to the comics, although it still isn't exactly like
the comics. One of my main gripes about the original Spiderman film was
a petty one, I'll admit that, but it got addressed and was fixed in
this one. That would be the fact the Parker actually has to make his
web shooters in this one whereas in the original the spider bite gave
him his power to shoot webs. Now for the villain...while The Lizard
obviously has nothing on The Green Goblin, I feel like he was a great
choice for the film. While, yes Goblin is iconic, I feel that he should
be the main focus in the movie he appears and not given a side role for
over half the movie which they would of had to do in an origin story
such as this one. A lot of people were upset about the CGI limiting The
Lizar's movement,and I can honestly say it didn't bother me one bit. In
fact I would prefer the CGI over some guy running around in a lizard
costume...that wouldn't be very menacing now would it? In conclusion, I
feel like this reboot was justified and in my humble and honest opinion
proved to be BETTER than any of the original three Spiderman films,
except for possibly the second one... Cannot wait for TSM2 to come out!
