8
Hopefully, Start Of A New Franchise

I saw "American Assassin", starring Dylan O'Brien-Teen Wolf_tv, the
Maze Runner movies; Sanaa Lathan-Now You See Me 2, AVP:Alien vs.
Predator; Taylor Kitsch-Lone Survivor, Snakes on a Plane and Michael
Keaton-Spider-Man:Homecoming, The Other Guys.This is a spy thriller based on a series of books written by Vince
Flynn, who died in 2013. He wrote about 15 books covering the
adventures of his hero, Mitch Rapp, so this could be the beginning of a
new franchise-it certainly ends as if there will be more. Dylan plays
Mitch, a 23 year old man that looses his girlfriend to a senseless
terrorist attack-they almost kill him, too. Dylan goes single-
mindfully into studying martial arts-he goes to MMA classes-and weapons
training-all kinds of firearms. He tracks down the responsible parties
but almost gets himself killed. Luckily, the CIA bails him out and
Sanaa-the lead agent-sees potential in Dylan and sends him to get some
intensive training from Michael. His first black ops mission is to stop
some very bad people from starting a nuclear war in the Middle East. Oh
yeah, the guy calling the shots for the very bad people is called the
Ghost and he was a former protégé of Micheal's, so he is kind of a
bad-ass. He is played by Taylor. There is lots of action and some great
fight scenes. It's rated "R" for violence, torture scenes, language and
sexual content-brief nudity-and has a running time of 1 hour & 51
minutes. I'm a big spy fan-Bond is my favorite-and this is a pretty
good start for a new franchise-Hopefully! I really enjoyed it and would
buy it on Blu-Ray.
