3
"Hollywood Has Gone Way Overboard With Sex Exploitation"

First of all, let me say that the characters were great. Diaz and Segel
are very talented, funny people in comic roles. The movie overall had a
very cute, however stupid, story line, but the portrayal of that story
line goes down hill in a hurry thanks to the direction of the film
maker. Ever since Seth Grogan came on the scene, who's mouth spews
filth from every direction, Hollywood has been pushing the limits with
each new "comedy" film. Each director trying to outdo the other in
terms of gross humor. There are no secrets left in sex. None.
Everything is brought out on the screen and in disgusting dialog that
leave little if any to one's imagination. Call me old fashion. Call me
an old fart. I just don't see the humor in "Coc..s..ker and
motherf...er over and over throughout the movie. What is the purpose?
To see how much they can get away with and still make a boatload of
$$$? To push the sensor meter to the limit and get a positive rise out
of the audience? To me, this is nothing more than a serious
deterioration of what little is left of society's morals. Now, it's all
about whatever sells.Seinfeld was hilarious. Will & Grace was hilarious. Comedy like the
pink panther series was hilarious. Yet not a word of BS was spoken and
folks just laughed their collective asses off. Go figure! One of the
funniest comedic films of late was, "Hall Pass". The charters were cast
perfectly and it was a fun film to watch. Yet it did not resemble Sex
Tape in any way, shape or form in language content or visual calamity.
I'll be damned if I ever waste another $16. on trash like Sex Tape
again. Cameron Diaz I love you, but you can do much better than this.
