9
Very Well Done

Revenge is hardly a fresh concept in film-making. This basic theme,
however, here takes a backseat to the styled execution of "Out of the
Furnace." Told through an all-star cast, the story unfolds slowly, but
powerfully. Set in a rural, present-day America, the cinematography
captures a beautiful country and glory that is seemingly fading under
the weight of war and the economy. The cast skillfully fleshes out the
various characters, establishing believability and giving them a rare
level of depth. This makes the atmosphere tangible and arguably makes
the element of human drama the actual star of the film. The entire cast
is excellent and essential, however Christian Bale and Woody Harrelson
absolutely steal the show. As the bad-to-the-bone "villain" of the
script, Harrelson is awesomely despicable, his mere presence on the
screen inciting anxiety. Alternately, Bale plays a good but troubled
man, condemned to watch his life disintegrate one piece at a time. I
caught the director, Scott Cooper, in an interview segment on Carson
Daly. He mentioned a desire to impact and "immerse" the audience in his
movies. In that regard, I would judge this effort to be an undeniable
success. During certain scenes, I found myself echoing the actions and
emotions depicted on screen, such as dread, liberation, uneasiness,
tension, and particularly, a relieved breath of serenity. More drama
than action, the tone for me was reminiscent of "The Place Beyond the
Pines", another well-executed drama with a definite crime flavoring.
Also, I felt that the Pearl Jam number that opens and closes the film
was a perfect choice for the intended vibe, and deserves a special
mention. Overall, this movie is very well done, despite lacking the
glamour and flash of an action flick. As a drama, I highly recommend it
to fans of the genre.
