3
Hollywood hogwash with good technique

My non-musician friends love this film and insisted I see it. I've been
a jazz musician for over 30 years and have taught in a jazz university
for over 20. So they figured I would relate. Sorry, this is total crap
and it makes me sad to think that the average guy out there thinks
Kenny G is cool and this film is a hard-edged depiction of the
high-pressure jazz school scene. First of all, no prof would be there a
day after any of the rehearsals Terence ran, he'd be dismissed
immediately (not hard to do, apparently this school didn't have
tenure). And next, jazz is communication, conversation, thoughtfulness,
and a big dollop of joyful soul. Any drummer with the competitive
mean-spirited attitude shown by any of these students would find
themselves in extremely lonely company, nobody appreciates that. This
is the 21st Century equivalent of Mickey Rooney and Judy Garland
saying, "I know, let's build a show to save the town!" as a
representation of Show Biz. it's Hollywood hokum, folks, and I resented
its basic assumptions. Where is the Soul? That said, J.K. Simmons is
great, working with what he's got. And the cinematography and editing
are well done (what IS all that water on the cymbals we see so often?
Sweat? If Elvin Jones had gained two hundred pounds he wouldn't have
sweated like that! Oh well.) which is why I grudgingly added two stars
to this. It's been a while since I so disliked a film. P.S. my drummer
plays better than any of these guys. Hah!
