2
Puzzling success for a disaster of a film

I understand it may flatter US patriotism, or recall memories to those
who remember the events and I don't even dispute Affleck's directorial
and acting skills. However, this is a completely superfluous, empty and
desperately predictable movie. The historical inaccuracy has been
pointed out by several other reviews: no, things didn't happen that
way, the Canadians deserve much more credit in that operation than this
portrayal ever shows. Notwithstanding the role of the US in sustaining
a puppet dictatorship during the Shah and actively interfering in a
sovereign country's domestic politics for decades prior to the events.
But this is only a secondary concern: historical accuracy is not the
most important factor for a fiction, even when it's based on actual
events. What I dispute is how incredibly shallow and predictable the
storytelling is: clich√© anonymous US CIA antihero agent with issues at
home goes to a dangerous place, saves innocent lives, takes risks
against orders, comes out victorious to reunite with his family. Who on
Earth cares, seriously? And no, the fact that it's based on historical
events - and therefore you can't argue with history - is not an answer
precisely because the script takes so many liberties with the events. I
don't care about the liberties taken with history but I care about the
ability to portray convincingly the complexity of human emotions and
relationships. There is none here. And make no mistake, a fictitious 2
min car chase at an airport is the closest you ll get to see some
emotions (ie. anguish at being killed by the revolutionary guards). The
characters come out of a cardboard factory, they have zero critical
self-reflection about their own role in interfering with a foreign
country's domestic affairs, total solidarity with each other and pure
love for their partners. This is a Disney version of human psyche, a
dishonest and partial historical account and a debauchery of time,
energy and money ill spent. Affleck is an able actor and I hope will
prove more convincing in his future efforts as a director, but what
really baffles me is not the mediocrity of this film, it's the
uncritical enthusiasm of so many for it.
