9
Fantastic family fun, on par with the original

The first Despicable Me was a wonderful film, so while there is the
worry of whether a sequel would work you can't help wanting to see it
anyway. Despicable Me 2 was just as good as the first one, maybe not as
fresh in terms of plot but what worked so well in the first works
equally well here. The animation, also having the advantage of staying
true to the style and look that the first had, is bursting with
vibrancy and colour without looking too over-saturated as well as
having a lot of detail to it. The retro-futuristic designs and gadgets
are inventive and very striking to look at, while the music has rousing
energy and is also memorable. Despicable Me 2 in the writing and gags
is peppered with humour, and this is of the laugh-out-loud hilarious
kind, though because there's a lot and that you may be laughing so hard
you may be at a risk of missing something. To counter-balance the
hilarity, the film also incorporates a message, it is a heartfelt one
and doesn't feel cloying and out-of-place. For what the story may lack
slightly in freshness in correlation with the first, it more than makes
up for it in wit, heart, excitement and how briskly it moves without
feeling rushed. Having more of the minions- one of the best assets of
the first film- was a masterstroke also, and their subplot also gave
the story an increasing sense of jeopardy and threat(though theirs is a
little more interesting than that of world domination). Gru is a
lovable character, whether a villain like in the first or not, and adds
a lot of charisma and energy to the film. The top-notch vocal talents
of Steve Carrell, Steve Coogan, Kristen Wiig, Benjamin Bratt and even
Russell Brand are a further advantage. All in all, like the first
Despicable Me this sequel is fantastic family fun and equal to it. 9/10
Bethany Cox
