3
A basic haunted house horror movie

The Conjuring is a horror movie supposedly based on a true story. The
story begins when the Perron family moves into a farmhouse in
Burrilville in 1971. Many mysterious and frightening events soon
follow. Fearful and surprised, they contact the Warren couple who have
reportedly captured many demons and ghosts successfully before. After
some inspection Warrens conclude that this is a powerful witch who is
haunting the farm area including the house. Further analysis of the
situation makes them realize that they immediately need an exorcism of
the house. An application is sent to the Vatican for approval. But
events take a different turn and Warrens have to start the exorcism of
Mrs. Perron, whom the witch has possessed, without delay. As usual, the
witch does not want to leave, speaks in Latin, levitates and tries to
kill them by moving objects. But in the end, Warrens, like they have
done so many times before, take over the powerful witch and condemn her
to hell.The story is based on true events, only if you take Warren's word for
it. This movie gave me an impression that I am watching an episode of
Supernatural TV show, only there were no wisecracking brothers. There
are no special effects that have not been shown in other movies before.
Most of the scary things happen in the dark only for a few seconds and
nothing much is really visible. This is your average haunted house
horror movie, nothing special about it.
