1
This movie is like sex without orgasm

Don't you love my title? Don't you love how I make a statement? Just
like this piece of crap film thinks it does. I don't think the writer
realized it was a movie not an abstract painting. Movies have purposes,
movies have a beginning, a middle, and an end; movies that build to
something usually lead somewhere but this pile of junk leads nowhere!
Frustratingly nowhere! Hence the title of my review. It builds and
builds and has no release it just ends abruptly if you want to call it
an ending. so our leading lady is a clich√©. She's a career woman
married to a career man whose having an affair which is not shocking at
all. She was married once before and her ex-husband,a novelist, sends
her his book. Most of the movie is about the guy in the story whose
wife and daughter are kidnapped and raped. He works for over a year
with a detective to catch the murderers. Now why the entire movie was
not that story instead is beyond me. I could give a crap less about how
she left her novelist husband after aborting his child just to end up
with a cheating husband. Who cares about that storyline since it had no
point! That storyline ends with her being stood up in a restaurant
drinking scotch. The end. Really? I also found out Tom Ford designs
clothes. He should probably stick with that. And the beginning of this
movie with fat naked women dancing in slow motion was supposed to be
some crap statement when really it was just uncomfortable to watch and
stupid. About as pointless as the film itself. The film creator is the
man and the audience the woman in my mind. Having said that the "man"
is pleased. They made money, managed to get brilliant actors to do
their crap film, and live happily ever after in their mansions. I the
"woman" or audience if you will am left unsatisfied and $9 shorter but
hey glad i could contribute to their yachts. And for those who like
this junk and think I'm too dumb to grasp metaphors if thats what this
movie thinks it is, one big metaphor for something, I urge you to see a
film called Silent House. That is a film full of metaphors and
statements that work with a storyline that builds to an actual finale.
This is the worst film of the year and I'm saying that in a year when
the remake of Ghostbusters came out with a frigging female cast (ohh
guess that makes me sexist) as well as the release of the ever so
pointless sequel to Independence day. But this film? Absolutely
terrible. Rubbish as the Brits say. I wouldn't Netflix it. I wouldn't
Redbox it. I'd wait for it to come on Lifetime if you really want to
see it that way you can take shots during the commercial breaks just to
make it tolerable.
