8
Compelling Historical Drama

"A Royal Affair" is a Danish/Swedish/Czech production about the reign
of 18th century King Christian VII of Denmark, his Welsh wife and a
German physician whose progressive ideas shake Denmark's conservative
ruling class to its foundations. As best I can discern the film tries
to keep true to actual history with some embellishments added
concerning the role of the Queen in the political machinations along
with some reasonable speculation about a possible menage a trois. The
screenplay by Nikolaj Arcel and Rasmus Heisterberg does a nice job of
capturing the unusual atmosphere of life at a court governed by a
mentally unstable monarch who's little more than a nuisance puppet of
the nobility and the church. In the middle of all that is the young
English Queen trapped in a loveless marriage. She is also disturbed by
the unwillingness of her adopted country to accept the ideas of the
Enlightenment then circulating around Europe. Under the direction of
Nikolaj Arcel "A Royal Affair" is an effective recreation of a bygone
age yet one in which we can see our contemporary quagmire between those
who advocate change and those condemning it. Mikkel Folsgaard is
excellent as the King. He never descends to caricature and is both
powerful and pitiable. Mads Mikkelsen is compelling as Dr. Johann
Struensee a noble but flawed man given a rare opportunity to improve
the lot of the lower classes who are suspicious of him as a foreigner
usurping the state. Alicia Vikander is Caroline Mathilde a Welsh
princess sent to Denmark in an arranged marriage of noble households
with no idea of what's in store for her. This is very good intelligent
costume drama that should please fans of the genre. Well worth seeing.
