10
It's All In The Brilliant Acting For This One, Folks

Has there ever been a perfect film? People say CASABLANCA was close.
I've seen it--maybe need to see it again. Anyway, what impressed me the
most with this truly horrifying non-narrative was the acting. The
actors chosen for this story are utterly brilliant, whether they are
speaking or not. My favorite acting scene? When Kat (Kiernan Shipka) is
talking with her priest friend near the beginning of the film. There is
so much pain in her expression, her aloofness. She needs love; a father
figure, and Shipka conveys these saddening emotions perfectly. Later it
is evident that Kat wants to admire Rose (Lucy Boynton) as being one of
the older girls at their private school, but Rose treats her like a
stupid freshman--an action which blends nicely with her murderous
attitude towards the child she believes she is carrying of very recent.
Still, Kat cries out to Rose for love and protection, but Rose refuses
to give what she can evidently afford. The hatred of demons for all of
mankind, despite social status, is well understood by director Oz
Perkins--and this includes hatred of the possessed as well, though the
latter longs for the possession as a way of feeling loved and
protected. That alone is a fresh approach to films made about demonic
possession. There are gory murder scenes here, and some foul language
which is not gratuitous but necessary to move the story along. Perkins
also understands understatement and gnomic suggestions, like when a
gentleman gazes a certain way at a forlorn girl he has just met, making
the viewer suddenly wonder if he has an ulterior motive behind his
kindness. There's even a Roald Dahl reference--witch for it.
