7
Well acted psychological horror, indie flick

For their honeymoon, a newly-wed couple Paul and Bea travel to the
bride's former home, a rural, sparsely populated community in Canada. A
strange encounter with an old acquaintance follows a sleepwalking
incident involving Bea and from hereon in it becomes clear that
something is terribly wrong.This indie flick has a very small cast that relies largely on the
acting of its two central characters, a couple of Brits called Rose
Leslie and Harry Treadway whose American accents are pretty flawless it
has to be said. Both put in very strong performances in roles that
require a fair bit of range. The characters evolve from
so-happy-we'll-make-you-sick just married, through to relationship
distrust and eventually onto outright psychological horror. The actors
are good enough to convince in all these very differing levels of
emotion. Because the story has so few characters, such a remote setting
and such intense emotions, it's a film that is somewhat claustrophobic
in its effect. It underplays the horror side of things and slowly
builds thing up layer by layer. But we are never in any doubt that
there is something very strange going on and there are small unusual
clues punctuated along the way, such as strange sexual-looking marks on
Bea's body, a recurring gooey substance found alongside her discarded
night-dress and her strange distant behaviour. To reveal any more would
be unfair, so I will leave it at that but suffice to say that this is a
very good, mysterious genre piece well directed by Leigh Janiak.
