6
Kids will eat it up, Grownups have seen it one too many times

I took my 5 1/2 year old daughter to watch Trolls, and for her it was a
sight for sore eyes. The main character, Poppy (voiced by Anna
Kendrick) is a fluffy, instantly lovable princess troll, who has been
raised in a careless, yet slightly obnoxious, world - where everyone
hugs each other on an hourly basis, poops cupcakes and bursts into
sappy pop tunes in the blink of the eye. Her male counterpart, on the
other hand, is all doom and gloom. This troll party pooper, named
Branch and colored gray to differentiate him from the endlessly
colorful group of merry trolls, keeps warning his friends that their
loud lifestyle will put their lives in jeopardy, once the evil Bergens,
who are only happy when they eat the tiny little Trolls, will take
notice of them. Sure enough, this does happen pretty soon into the
movie, and when several Trolls are taken - Poppy and Branch (who
refuses to sing throughout the film, even though he is ironically
voiced by Justin Timberlake) need to join forces in order to save them.All in all, Trolls is a very cute film. It stands out of the pack with
its familiar setting (the Troll toys have been very popular ever since
the early 90's), its rich palette of colors and imaginative drawings,
and the catchy tunes which are cleverly adapted into the film. Also,
its short run-time will make sure your kids are glues to the chair. On
the flip side, I felt the plot didn't really offer anything new, the
proceedings were predictable from miles away, and that it lacked a
stronger emotional pull that could have left a longer impression. There
was some stuff in the movie that seemed like it was trying a bit too
hard to be tongue-in- cheek, without really taking itself seriously,
and while it gave way to a few laughs, it left me wanting something
more than just another cute animated feature.
