8
Insightful and Thrilling True Story

The body betrays the heart. A trio of creative and brilliant thinkers
builds on this truth to shape psychological theory, a lie detector, an
icon of female power and their own destinies. The true story of
academics and inventors Bill and Elizabeth Marston and their research
assistant Olive Byrne, provides a fascinating glimpse into
unconventional lifestyles and a deviant underworld. Olive, Bill and
Elizabeth do not merely subscribe to feminist doctrine, they live it.
However, the conventions of their time do not support them. So they
struggle, as super heroes do, to find their way to happiness and peace.Discovering the truth about these fascinating and real people, and the
background to the molding of Wonder Woman, is cathartic and
enthralling. The good concepts advanced through the Wonder Woman
character, such as the importance of acknowledging the truth and the
belief that ideas are more powerful than force, are still under
pressure today, perhaps more than ever. It is hard to believe that we
have not moved beyond jealousy and manipulation as motivating beliefs,
but Professor Marston and the Wonder Women offer clues as to why this
is so. Some of the imagery of the film, such as when Olive is fitted
with a Wonder Woman type crown, is so good that it gave me the shivers.
Other scenes, especially towards the end of the film, fell flat.
Overall though, a pleasing, insightful and thrilling story. The film is
based on Jill Lepore's Secret History of Wonder Woman. Seen at the
Toronto International Film Festival.
