10
Keep it Coming.

I've read a few reviews and I understood a few complaints especially if
you were a 90s kid and haven't been keeping up with all the reboots and
whatnot of Spiderman. Toby's Spiderman in 2002 was more of "Spiderman
the animated series" version of the 90s. If you only remember that
spider-man this movie could be kind of disappointing. Me on the other
hand, I've been keeping up with all my superheroes that interest me,
with spider-man being my favorite, I've been watching the Ultimate
Spiderman. He crosses over with the avengers a few episodes, even gets
invited to join the avengers down like he was in the movie and turned
it down. In the cartoon, Shield gives him all of his gadgets and Iron
man gives him this Iron man Spider suit. In the movie, Tony stark is
responsible for all of his gadgets. The story is a little different but
it works for me. I enjoyed watching the spider-man who actually is a
kid unlike other spider-man movies. I expected more from this movie but
it still was a 10 out of 10. I think that this movie sets up the next
spider-man movie and even sets up the avengers movie maybe. The one
thing i probably felt was just totally wrong in this movie is the
portrayal of flash Thompson. That was very disappointing. Where is the
not so smart High school Jock, not this guy that is supposedly one of
the fastest in the school (athleticism) but is on a debate team??
GTFOH. only disappointment.
