6
Fun and gorgeous isn't always enough

The con-film has become a staple of cinema: so much so, that it's
almost impossible for a film's makers to retain the element of
surprise. One solution is to layer con-upon-con, with a sense of
knowningness deliberately induced in the audience: we're encouraged to
think that something is happening that hasn't yet been revealed, even
if we're not sure what. But 'The Best Offer' takes a simpler route: a
man explores a path through life that ultimately turns out to be fake.
In one sense, there are very few tricks in this plot, just a mirage.
But the film needs to give us two things for this to work: firstly, a
plausible emotional journey for the victim, and secondly, a sense of
motivation for those who plan to rob him. Yet the film's Gothic story
is never remotely plausible: it's entertaining as fable, but there's no
chance of us being fooled along with the character; or if there is,
it's only because we consciously suspend our disbelief as the necessary
price of continuing to watch. As for motive, it's simply to steal the
money, which is plausible, but dull (compare Bielisnky's marvellous
'Nine Queens' to see a more believable, internally motivated, and
cleverer story which nonetheless ends in a similar denouement). The set
designer must have had fun on this movie: the story as a whole is jolly
but shallow, and it's more of a disappointment than a joy when it's
Gothic accoutrements are revealed as sideshow to a fundamentally duller
story.
