7
The icing on the cake for the trilogy

The third installment of The Purge series was the icing on the cake for
me that solidified my enjoyment of this trilogy. Since the first came
out, I have thoroughly enjoyed the brutality these films presented to
the audience and myself. Being possibly the weakest of the three, the
first still was memorable for me. With the second, DeMonaco broadened
the scope, added more plot, and kept the brutality and insanity. Now
with the third, the plot hits its climax and the terrifying imagery
hits a new high as well as the brutality of the kills and sheer
insanity that the purge night brings. I love Frank Grillo and his
presence radiates badassery and this film lets him be just that.
Elizabeth Mitchell played a convincing politician driven by passion to
end the purge. Yet on the flip side of the coin, The Founding Fathers
are as sadistic as the night they created. The supporting actors within
the film, Mykelti Williamson, Joseph Julian Soria, and Betty Gabriel,
carry the movie very well, in my opinion and are enjoyable to watch
with their story and also their slight comedic relief at times.Overall, 'The Purge: Election Year' brings back everything I love about
this series with its intensity, brutality, and terrifying imagery. For
a film that relies on brutal violence, The Purge does a good job at
bringing in a plot that does not feel too forced unlike the first film
where it relied solely on the horror thriller feel of it. If you love
films with violence, profanity, and intense scenes, this is the film to
see. If you love the series, this is the best one to see of the three.
