1
a real stinker

This is quite possibly the stupidest movie I have seen in a long time,
if not ever. It is also among the most tediously boring I have seen. I
was attracted to it for two reasons: the plot premise - a woman who
never ages - was rife with possibilities, and it had Harrison Ford, one
of my favorites. As far as the possibilities of the plot premise,
fuggedaboutit. We might have had some considerations of the meaning of
mortality, but no. What we wind up with is a warmed over soap opera
plot centering on mundane romantic issues. Vast stretches of the movie
are taken up with vacuous and empty dialogue. I have never seen Blake
Lively before and I certainly in future will avoid any movie starring
her; her acting, as Dorothy Parker said, "runs the emotional gamut from
A to B." Then we have the portentous voice-over explaining the Deus ex
machina events that bookmark the story. As someone once said, if you
need a voice-over, your script is inadequate. As far as those two
"miraculous" events, we might have accepted the first one if there had
been some serious content in the movie. As it is, with all the vapidity
we have seen, the second "miraculous event" seems simply ridiculous.
This is a pretentious and boring movie on which you should not waste
your time. For a far superior - and riotously comedic - take on the
issue of mortality, watch "Death Becomes Her." At least you'll have a
few laughs, unlike this dog, which leaves you with nothing,
