1
Some were charmed; I wasn't

Maybe I wouldn't have hated it quite so much if I were female, in my
late 20s, sharing New York apartments to save money, deliriously
unrealistic in my career expectations, clueless about personal
relationships, unwise with money, and unable to plan beyond the moment.
But I'm none of those things and thus I did indeed hate this movie. I
think the filmmakers were going for some sort of modern update of a
French New Wave movie in which nothing happens and every conversation
is banal, trivial, no more interesting than any everyday conversation
you might overhear if you were a fly on the wall who actually cared
about these people, though no fly in its right mind would. Well I
certainly didn't, anyway. I know I was supposed to be charmed by the
good-looking-in-a-normal-everyday-way main character played by Greta
Gerwig, whom I have never noticed before and expect never to notice
again, but I was completely uncharmed. In fact, the only effect her
helpless, hopeless, needy clinging character had on me was to make me
want to run from the theater, which later, after sticking with the
movie to the end while nursing an ever-dwindling hope for a story, I
actually wished I had done.There's a show on HBO called "Girls," and I know only enough about it
to know it's not something I'd ever want to see. I wish I'd known that
much about the apparently similar FRANCES HA before I let myself get
talked into paying money to be tortured.
