8
Robbing NASCAR? What Can Go Wrong?

Need a 119-minute break from the news headlines? This Steven Soderbergh
caper comedy, script by Rebecca Blunt, may be just the thing. There's
nothing too serious going on (a planned heist at NASCAR's big Memorial
Day weekend race), but the characters are so well-developed and their
robbery plot so complicated and devious, your attention is captured
from the outset. Channing Tatum plays Jimmy Logan, out of work and, if
his ex-wife has her way, out of his young daughter's life. He needs
money. He proposes the theft to his brother Clyde (Adam Driver), the
serious one, a bartender who lost an arm in Afghanistan. Clyde is
reluctant, because he's convinced every family enterprise is destined
for disasterÂ—"the curse of the Logans." Love how he whips up a martini
one-handed to quiet a mouthy British patron (Seth MacFarlane)! Their
sister Mellie (Riley Keough), a beautician, is in on it too and gets
sweet revenge on an irritating client who drives a purple Caddy. See
that for yourself. To pull off this daring crime, the brothers need
help. Unfortunately, the one man they know who really knows how to blow
a safe is in prison. Part of their plan is to spring him for a day.
Daniel Craig plays prisoner Joe Bang, in "a wonderfully wacky,
show-stealing turn," said Todd McCarthy in The Hollywood Reporter. Joe
insists his two brothers (Jack Quaid and Briain Gleeson) be brought
into the plot, and the likelihood of success appears to plummet as
these two slouch onto the scene. Prison warden Burns (Dwight Yoakam) is
also a treat. Many funny moments, some relatively subtle. I
particularly enjoyed the big race's opening ceremony, which deployed
all the worst excesses of American sports jingoism.
