9
It's like a really messed up episode of Kids Say the Darndest Things.

I just saw The Hunt at the New Zealand International Film Festival and
I walked out speechless. The Hunt has such a difficult story to tell
but the film makers never go too far with little exposition. The film
doesn't take one side over another, making the point that there isn't
really any "bad guys" in the film, just people on opposite sides of one
coin. The script is shocking, tragic and at times funny. The film is
very intimately shot with an almost documentary approach. The film is
mostly shot hand-held, giving you the feeling of realism. The camera
likes to get in close and hold on the actors eyes and it is the eyes
that tell the story. Most of the story is told through what was not
being said, but instead with looks and pauses. Mads Mikkelsen is
stunning as always as the man accused of sexual abuse. He plays the
role with such sensitivity to the character but always keeps you
guessing throughout the film. Annika Wedderkopp plays the role of the
innocent young girl to perfection, again always keeping you guessing.
Their relationship being one of the most interesting I've seen on film
this year. If I had one complaint it would be that the main plot ends
quite abruptly, not leaving me fully satisfied before it goes into the
epilogue. The Hunt is drama at its best with beautiful performances
from the entire cast. It is hard to explain how great this film is
without giving away spoilers but the film gives no clear answers for
such a difficult subject and it makes you ask yourself, what would I
do?
