10
Heads will explode in the "hate America first" crowd!

Read many of the negative reviews of this movie, and you will see the
venom of a twisted political agenda. You will see words like "redneck",
"sociopath", "Christian baby killer", and "nazi", along with many an
anti-Christian, anti-southern US, and anti-US in general comment. I do
believe that many of the people writing these types of reviews have not
even seen the movie, and are essentially acting upon a Pavlovian reflex
to hate and curse all things pro-American-yes; this crowd's handlers
certainly have their drones well trained. While it is true that
Eastwood has handled his directorial duties with a more subtle hand in
the past, this is a well-directed, well-acted effort that deserves its
Oscar nominations, but will probably not win the biggies. Chris Kyle's
story is compelling and gut-wrenching, poignant, sad, and uplifting.
Bradley Cooper deserves the best acting nod. While modern-day Hollywood
loves to spit out blood, gore, ultra-violence, and soul-rotting
perversion for every taste, all in the name of "entertainment" (ala
Rome before the fall), nothing offends that community and its
supporters more than a non-satiric, non-revisionist, look at a subject
like patriotism, family values, or any theme based in Judeo-Christian
morality. I mean, these are the people who want to allow Roman
Polanski, a sick pedophile who drugged and then sodomized a thirteen
year old girl, back into this country so that he can once again
practice his "craft", when he should be smoking in hell-just like all
the ululating terrorists Chris Kyle sent there.
