1
So many things wrong with this movie

First review I have written. I have never been so moved to review a
movie until now. I am not sure if the movie has more clichés or plot
holes in it, but there are a ton of both. I would have preferred a
movie just showing Hercules defeating his 12 labors. The highlight of
the movie was the first 5 minutes summarizing the 12 labors Hercules
faced. Instead we are given a ridiculous story of Hercules as a
mercenary after his family's death. He is hired to lead an army against
rebels. The reality the rebels are the good guys and he was fooled.
Cliché? Ergenia, the King's daughter could have simply paid Hercules to
kill her Father. That would have been a simple task, seeing as he had
no army at that point. Anyway I could list a ton of issues with the
movie but the biggest one I would like to point out is the appearance
of King Eurystheus at the end of the movie. The man turns out to be the
murderer of Hercules' family. He is nowhere in the movie at all except
for one flashback which showed him briefly. Yet this "King" shows up at
the end of the movie when Hercules is captured. So you are telling
me...Sometime after returning that day from a major war and during
celebrations King Eurystheus showed up to Thrace knowing that Hercules
wouldn't leave with the gold? This King traveled to Thrace with just 3
murderous dogs? None of his own soldiers to protect him? What King does
that?If you ignore all the plot holes you are still left with a movie
without much character development or narrative at all. Honestly I had
to check the character list in IMDb because I didn't know the names of
any characters after watching the movie.Don't waste your money on this movie.
