7
Tenors Anyone

Okay, I've never seen Britain's Got Talent or, indeed, any similar
television programme. I'm not an opera buff (or even an opera
bouffe)and I first heard the name Paul Potts earlier this year when his
PR team were placing squibs in the showbiz columns of National
newspapers in order to promote this film. I did see James Corden in
History Boys at the National Theatre but he didn't make an impression
on me; I didn't see him in One Man, Two Guv'nors though I did see the
show itself after he'd left it. About the only thing I did knowingly
see him in were several episodes of Gavin and Stacy which I enjoyed as
a show and also Corden's performance.So this is what I brought to the film. I agree one hundred per cent
with the person who wrote here that the film exploits just about every
clich√© in the book - and yet it is apparently true. For me the
revelation was the gorgeous Alexandra Roach, who dominated every scene
in which she appeared. So far as the 'love' story goes it is both
implausible and yet the kind of love story everyone aspires to. I was
reminded of the 'love' story in Somebody Up There Likes Me (also a
'true' story and based on Rocky Graziano's own autobiography (albeit
presumably 'ghosted' for him), which in turn was similar to the one in
Rocky, which was fictional. it was not lost on me that both the real
Graziano and the fictional Balboa were both boxers and unlikely to have
been bullied either as children or adults - or at least not for long -
whilst the real Potts was about as far from a boxer as it's possible to
get or, to put it another way, love, real, unselfish love, can come to
anyone. Because of the 'lovable cockney sparrer' persona he has
cultivated Corden struggles to play colorless as the role demands but
apart from that this is a fine movie.
