2
Worse than it's predecessors

I'm honestly not surprised one bit that I didn't enjoy this movie.The
trailer was awful,and it was obvious the movie was only made for Fox to
keep the rights to this piece of garbage. The main problem with this
movie is that it tries so hard to be dark and gritty.The movie isn't
gritty at all.Dark?Yes at some points,but not in a good way. Another
problem with this abomination is it's pace.Oh my god,the pace of this
movie is incredibly slow.I'm in disbelief I didn't fall
asleep.Honestly,the films pace is so slow,it's hard to know what's
going on at times due to how bored you are. Next is the acting.While I
though young Miles Teller did decent,the other actors were awful.I
honestly feel everyone,especially Kate Mara,was miscast.It seems to me
as if every actor was bored,but hey so was the audience! Another
problem is the villain.I don't have much to say about Doom,besides the
fact that he was forced into the film for the sake of having a
villain.He wasn't threatening for even a second;He was just a joke,like
the film itself. Lastly,the film is a set up for films to come.It's
obvious it is,so Fox can keep the rights.From rumors out there,it's
trying to set up sequels,which is true,and it's trying to set itself up
with the X-Men Franchise,which I hope not. Overall,the film was an
atrocity,just like it's predecessors,and the only good thing was
probably the CGI.Then again,it wasn't even that amazing.The CGI wasn't
as good,as say,'The Amazing Spider-Man 2'or 'Guardians of the Galaxy'.
My rating is a 2/10,and it'd be a 1/10 if the CGI was a tad bit worse.
