7
Delightful Romantic Comedy

In Los Angeles, the chef Tom Solomon (Jason Segel) meets the
psychologist Violet Barnes (Emily Blunt) in a New Year's Eve party and
they immediately fall in love with each other. One year later, Tom
proposes Violet to get married and they schedule their wedding date.
However, the application of Violet to the University of Michigan to a
master's degree is accepted and Tom declines to the offer of his boss
Chef Sally (Lauren Weedman) to be the chef of a famous restaurant that
belongs to her. His best friend and assistant Alex Eilhauer (Chris
Pratt), who is married with Violet's sister Suzie Barnes-Eilhauer
(Alison Brie), accepts the position. They postpone the wedding and Tom
and Violet move to Berkley for two years. While Violet befriends her
Professor Winton Childs (Rhys Ifans) and colleagues, Tom has
difficulties to find a job and work is a restaurants specialized in
sandwiches. Two years later, when Tom is ready to return to Los
Angeles, Violet is invited to be assistant professor in Michigan. What
will happen to the couple?"The Five-Year Engagement" is a delightful romantic comedy with the
lovely Emily Blunt in the lead role. The plot combines romance, drama,
comedy and black humor in right doses and the only boring moment is
when Chris Pratt sings Â– probably he is a better chef than singer.
Jason Segel shows great chemistry with Emily Blunt and is easy to
understand the relationship problems due to professional realization.
The beauty of Dakota Johnson is amazing but her shallow relationship of
her character with Tom is not well explored. One of the best moments is
when Tom has lunch with his parents. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): "Cinco Anos de Noivado" ("Five-Year Engagement")
