7
Heroic & Emotional True Story

I saw "Only the Brave", starring Josh Brolin-Everest, True Grit_2010;
Jennifer Connelly-Noah, The Rocketeer; Jeff Bridges-Kingsman:The Golden
Circle, True Grit_2010 and Miles Teller-War Dogs, Footloose_2011. This
movie is based on a true story about 19 firefighters that lost their
lives fighting a forest blaze in 2013. They were called the Granite
Mountain Hot Shots-there were other Hot Shot teams across the country
but they were the only certified Hot Shot team to work for a
municipality. The fire was headed towards Yarnell, Arizona when the
tragedy happened. Josh was the leader of the team and Jennifer plays
his wife, who worries everyday that he goes to work. The team's
personal lives are shown as a tight nit family-they would do anything
for each other. Their main jobs were to go into blazing fires-when most
people are running in the opposite direction-and save lives. Jeff is
Josh's boss and Miles is the last recruit to join the team. Out of the
20 man team, only 1 survived. It is a heroic and emotional story. FYI:
I do remember hearing some good music in the soundtrack; Metallica,
Pearl Jam, ZZ Top and AC/DC-and they actually played my favorite AC/DC
song-and Jeff Bridges even sings a song on stage, as his character. As
the end credits role, pictures and names of the the actual Hot Shots
are shown. It's rated "PG-13" for drug use, language and sexual
content-no nudity-and has a running time of 2 hours & 14 minutes. I
enjoyed it-bring some tissues-and would buy it on DVD.
