6
striking concept led astray by amateurish direction

A psychological thriller set in the outback, Nicole Kidman in her
native tongue, you don't say? Strangerland was a project to watch as
soon as above and Joseph Fiennes came aboard under a first time female
director. Sadly, Strangerland is a film that has a lot going for it,
but the separate pieces never quite coalesce. The film kicks off in a
sweaty dreamy fashion. the camera lingers over a quiet but simmering
household. Husband and wife barely acknowledge one another, and poof
the children are gone, and all hell breaks loose. This is a film about
falling apart. Kidman and Fiennes give their all. Fiennes is an
unpredictable rage machine, a product of repression. Kidman in absence
of her little ones fights a soul breaking loneliness. she becomes
ravenous for male attention, it's as if she has never in her life felt
tenderness, and if she doesn't get some soon, she will die. Both actors
are completely committed to their roles they keep you going even when
the script and editing fail them. Kim Farrant wants to tell of story of
family, but also crime procedural as well. Hugo Weaving is in the mix
too; he is a cop. He has some history with every character in the story
and seems to have the magic power of people melting down in front of
him for no reason. He supposedly somehow connects to the family, but it
is ultimately pointless, as no mysteries are ever solved by the end.
The film just can't get enough of Kidman and Fiennes, they are sublime
talents. If only Farrant had realized that they were all she needed.
