1
Terrible

I viewed this film and my immediate thought was, "How come this movie
has no storyline?" This was a film comparable to a nickelodeon cartoon
series, or quite possibly worse. If I could rate any lower, it would be
a -3 out of 10. All this movie is doing is exploiting the emotions of
women across the globe, and ts ripping things that started on tumblr,
this just makes the cinema that much worse. I saw a movie by Disney and
i vomited during the first five minutes of it, and that was better than
this film. >Go on a date with girl >Take her to nice restaurant >She
orders a shrimp cocktail and several drinks >Ask for the check >The
waiter places the check in front of me, not in front of her, not in the
middle of the table >Look of horror comes across the girl's face >I
reach for the check and place my credit card inside >She begins to
tremble >Tears well up in her eyes >I can tell she is paralyzed by fear
at the oppression she is experiencing >I chauvinistically place the
check with the my credit card on the table in front of me, daring her
to do something about it >The power of my oppression of this woman
surges through my body as I lean back in my seat and stare directly at
her >She is shaking with fright, the oppression strangling her voice
away >The waiter returns to take the check away >All is lost to her now
>Men at other tables begin to stand up and clap >Women all over the
restaurant begin to shriek and cry >I feel my erect penis lift the
tablecloth in front of me >I ask my date, "Did you enjoy your dinner?"
>"Y-yes... thank you", she says behind a mask of tears >I lean forward,
a devious, patriarchical smile spreading across my face >And I tell
her, "It was my privilege."
