8
Must see for people who love cooking

Despite some pretty bad reviews I think it's a pretty strong movie.
Especially for people who love to cook of like high-end dining, it's a
great movie. Burnt gives an excellent look in the world of high- end
dining and professional kitchens. Bradley Cooper puts on a good
performance and makes the experience very real. The evolution his
character makes may be a little predictable, but I think that's not a
bad thing. You should not underestimate the acting skills of Bradley
Cooper. The character is written for him in my opinion. Also the
character that's played by Daniel Brühl, Tony, is an interesting one
and I think that Daniel performs this role outstandingly. Tony is a
very proper and tight man, but his character evolves during the movie
into a very pleasant one. Brühl makes his character very real with the
accent and a particular way he moves in. The plot of the movie may be a
little predictable, but that's not a problem. I think all the roles are
filled in nicely and all of the characters make the story into a real
experience, not only about cooking but also about the difficult world
of a Michelin-star restaurant. Summarized I can say this movie is a
must-see for people who love cooking and things like that. It's not a
mind-blowing story, but in combination with some great acting it makes
the movie worth watching. An average of 6,7 is way to low for this
movie in my opinion.
