6
Full of swagger... and convoluted plot twists.

If ever there was a movie that should use LMFAO's "I'm Sexy and I Know
It" as its theme song, this is it. Full of swagger and sizzle, this
glossy thriller amps up the sex appeal all the way to boiling hot, even
when the other cinematic elements can't quite keep up. What stops this
from becoming 2015's Thomas Crowne Affair (the racy McQueen / Dunaway
original, not the ho-hum Brosnan / Russo remake) is the convoluted
script from Glenn Ficarra and John Requa, who also take on directing
duties. Their con-within-a-con-within-a-con plot is so cumbersome and
complicated that the last act becomes a slog to get through. The
nonsensical finale all but confirming just how far the twisted
storyline had spiralled out of the filmmaker's control. Yet for all of
its narrative flaws  which also includes an abundance of con-artist
clichés  there is still an enthusiasm and seductiveness to the
proceedings that primarily keeps it fun. There are a few amusing
sleight of hand sequences, a streak of raunchy humour, and an abundance
of only-in-our-wildest-dreams glitz and glamour that successfully
adheres to the tried and tested formula of the genre. And then, of
course, you also have the ridiculously attractive leading duo of Will
Smith and Margot Robbie, together sharing a saucy chemistry in a
relationship that sees the power dynamic continuously ebb and flow
between them. A more, umm, focused screenplay could have leant the film
a lasting influence, as is Focus offers enjoyable in-the-moment popcorn
thrills that will be quickly forgotten.
