1
Really poorly done with every imaginable clich√© trotted out and thudded across the screen.

I went into this movie with high expectations as I've enjoyed most of
The Rock's movies and I am a huge childhood fan of Hercules (the old
movies, not the Kevin Sorbo series) and I hoped this would be a return
to the glory days of Hercules. Instead we have tired old cornball
stereotype a la Steven Spielberg at his most nauseating with the smarmy
kid, the athletic girl, the wise old cornball, the loyal dog-boy, and
the capable friend. There is a suggestion of Hercules being a fraud and
his "disciples" around him being the root of his mythic status with the
little PT Barnham kid endlessly hocking everything Hercules does. The
fights scenes are a couple steps back in technology as I have no idea
how you could release this movie in light of the stupefying fight
scenes delivered in say the "300" movies. The Rock wears what looks
like a child's training bra for a chest-plate for nearly the entire
movie despite the fact that the chest muscle rests somewhere around his
collar bone. Everything about this movie is superficial, adolescent,
and about the level of a low budget Saturday morning cartoon... on
public television. This is career ending bad. The kind of bad that
sticks to you and follows you around. Brett Ratner's feeble direction
in this crap-fest succeeded tremendously in ruining everyone's career
involved in it. Ishtar should thank God this movie was made as now it
can rest peacefully knowing some unfortunate incompetent souls have
somehow managed to save it from being the worst movie of all time.
