4
CGI ruins what could have been a wonderful movie

I wanted to like this movie. I love the theme, I love the set up, the
family feels real, and there is fun and interesting villain. But they
committed the cardinal sin of horror movie making; they overused CGI.
After the first scare or two with CGI, I thought, okay they can't keep
doing this the whole time right? Horror is all about suspension of
disbelief. Well it's pretty much impossible to believe anything in this
movie is actually happening, or could happen, because every time a
monster\creature comes on screen it looks a video game character blue
screened into the shot. It was flat out obnoxious. And then when you
finally get to see Krampus, which isn't until the climax, he has the
worst CGI face I have ever seen. It was so bad that I didn't even
realize until a month or two later that he was supposedly wearing a
mask, which frankly is just as bad. like I said, this movie could have
been wonderful, it was entertaining to point, but when the
cinematography looks like 2015 and the CGI looks like 1991, the movie
feels completely disjointed. And if you think that CGI can only go so
far, just look back to what they did with the first Jurassic park, back
in the early to mid 90's. If they can pull off dinosaurs 20 years ago,
then can we please make a monster look even somewhat realistic; or
better yet, just get rid of CGI and go back to practical effects. John
Carpenters remake of the Thing had amazing effects that looked real and
scary, and that was what 1981? Watch this movie while playing on you
cell phone, you will be far more entertained that way
