6
Romance and Tragedy

In 79 A.D., a Celtic tribe of horsemen is slaughtered by the Roman
Senator Corvus (Kiefer Sutherland), his right-hand man Proculus (Sasha
Roiz) and their army. The boy Milo is the only survivor that is
captured later and sold as slave. Seventeen years later, the slave Milo
(Kit Harington) turns into an invincible gladiator in a province and is
brought to Pompeii to participate in the games in the arena. While
walking to Pompeii, the noble Cassia (Emily Browning) and her chaperone
Ariadne (Jessica Lucas) cross with the path of the slaves and Cassia is
fascinated by Milo. He shares the cell of Atticus (Adewale Akinnuoye-
Agbaje), who is near to get his freedom depending on winning his last
fight. Meanwhile Cassia meets her parents Severus (Jared Harris) and
Aurelia (Carrie-Anne Moss) and learns that she has been betrothed to
the corrupt Senator Corvus that is pressing her parents to marry her.
During the games, the Mount Vesuvius erupts and Milos and his friend
Atticus succeed to escape from the arena. But Milo wants to save his
beloved Cassia in the middle of the chaos and the Romans. "Pompeii" is a full of action and dull romance in the tragic
environment of the last days of Pompeii. Disaster movies were popular
in the 70's ("Airport", "The Towering Inferno", and "Earthquake" among
others) and Paul W.S. Anderson returns to the genre after "Titanic".
The entertaining story is silly with poor lines and dialogs, but never
boring. Kit Harington, the "Jon Snow" from "Games of Thrones", makes it
worth to see at least on DVD. My vote is six.Title (Brazil): "Pompeia" ("Pompeii")
