3
Critics Completely Missed on This One

"Manchester-By-The-Sea"...don't bother...wait for twenty years until it
comes out on an old time movie channel at around 2 am and you need
something to put you to sleep. The script is bad. The direction is bad.
The make-up is bad. The sets are bad. The costumes are fine, because
they are everyday clothes of working class people in the Northeast
(Boston and other areas). I found Casey Affleck's performance to be the
only redeeming quality in this overrated piece of digital media. He
(Affleck) portrays a brooding, jack-ass, violent, bully of an alcoholic
very accurately...almost as if he were one or was a another victim of
the Hollywood hamburger machine(I applaud him..not standing "O," but
polite applause because everything else in the movie was BORING). About
that corpse (yes, there's a corpse in one scene): Not a corpse. Not a
dead human look-a-like...but a live person trying to pull it off. It
doesn't work. How was this evident? The cheeks and face were still
naturally pink and flesh tone. There was a popping vein near the temple
area. Really? Did you studio execs really think no one who would see
this "movie" would have seen a real corpse? Come on. If you have seen
dysfunctional, violent alcoholics who attack people in bars who they
think are staring at them, or are smaller than the drunk, and families
who have a hard time handling "life," in real life, you have seen this
movie. Three stars because of Affleck's performance. Zero for the movie
as a whole.
