7
Good Not Quite Great

Black Mass is a crime drama movie revolving around the true events
behind the Winter Hill Gang and the gang's leader Whitey Bulger played
by Johnny Depp. The premise for the film was very interesting as it
played on Whitey Bulger's connections as his brother, William Bulger,
played by Benedict Cummberbatch is a Massachusetts State Senator while
one of his childhood friends John Connolly played by Joel Edgerton is
an FBI agent. This an amazing premise however it was not fully executed
as it focused mainly on Joel Edgerton's character and Cummberbatch's
character felt out of place at times. This may have been a more
realistic approach however I felt like they could have utilized
Cummberbatch's character more in the film as it would have added two
assets for Whitey. The Film is divided in three parts overlooking
Whitey's almost twenty year reign. However because of this approach it
leaves viewers wondering what happened in that time frame and feels as
if it was forced to make the movie feel more like the actually events,
so spread out. The cinematography and direction of the film is very
crisp and sleek which makes the film a lot more enjoyable. The acting
all together throughout the film is superb as it holds a stellar cast.
I found Johnny Depp, Joel Edgerton,Kevin Bacon and Benedict
Cummberbatch to be all great. Depp's performance was electrifying and
he should get an Oscar nod but I would not be surprised if he does not
get one.Overall decent film7/10
