8
Appears Superficial, But Actually Packed With Emotion

At first glance, this film comes across as very surface level. You're
simply following different members of one family as they live their
lives; there's nothing innately profound in that. But beneath the
surface, there's all of this bubbling emotional depth that makes this a
very rich film. While you're only witnessing a snapshot of these
people's lives, you get such a well-rounded understanding of what their
whole lives have been like. Without you realizing it, you're given
fleshed out, three dimensional characters, a rich and detailed history
between each of the characters, and a compelling story that you want to
see more of. Writer/director Noah Baumbach very subtly gives you all of
this depth that does not appear to be there, and it makes for a far
more thought-provoking movie. With that, the film is incredibly arcane,
as you know that there is a lot more between the lines of the film, but
it's hard to discern what exactly it is. And maybe Baumbach doesn't
want you to know everything. Maybe a lot of things are meant to stay in
the dark, which makes this a really interesting and compelling film to
watch. Many will watch this movie and see it as surface level. It may
even come across as boring to some, just because nothing monumental
happens plot wise. All of the exciting moments come from inter-
personal character moments and revelations, and seeing family
dysfunction and dynamics play out on screen...
