1
Wow....

If I could vote -10 out of 10.. That still wouldn't be a accurate
rating for this Musical/Fantasy film. Honestly I'm not going to go into
to much detail about why this movie is beyond awful, cause honestly I'm
completely drained after seeing it and the movies soundtrack/music
torture list is still corroding my mental state 50 minutes after I left
the theater. Story, BAD..like really bad...It's almost like halfway
through the film the Director and Writer got fired and they brought
somebody else in that hadn't even seen the first half of the film.
Soundtrack...dear lord... I had to come home and throw Sweeney Todd in
to get the taste of Into the woods "Musical" out of my mouth and ear
drums, honestly my entire body ached after the film from tensing up to
every excruciating song in the film, which coincidentally all sound the
same. Acting, Meryl Streep did a great job, but even she couldn't save
the soundtrack or make sense of the jumbled story, Emily Blunt does a
great job as the comedic relief, Johnny Depp, in his very short and
minimal role on screen reminds me of a child rapist/predator who was
just released from prison and spent what little money he had on candy.
Miscast plagues the film. Special Effects.. None... Plays out like a
play/opera..nothing, absolutely zero special effects worth mentioning
which made it hard to get lost or enveloped in the world. Picture a
forest....a very generic boring forest...you have just seen 90% of this
films setting/locations. Go support a local theatre, opera, anything..But do yourself a favor
and avoid this movie.
