10
Sigh. Daniel does it again

I'm prepared to admit at this point that Daniel Day Lewis has succeeded
to the title of most brilliant actor of his generation--and I do not
say that lightly. But when I consider what he has done here--imbued the
most sacred president in our history with such aching, gorgeous,
complex humanity--seemingly without conscious effort on his part--I say
give it to him.His Lincoln is at once ordinary and divine, passionate and all too
earthy...and he inhabits the role so fully that not beyond the first
minute do you think to yourself that you are watching an actor and not
the man himself. I admit, at the first speech, I rather expected the
voice to be deeper and more commanding, but that wore off instantly,
and Spielberg to his credit gets every scene note-perfect. The scene
where soldiers on the field were quoting back to him the Gettysburg
Address was heartbreaking--The big guns, to be sure, but everyone in
the theater stopped breathing. Spielberg has the mood and light
fine-tuned to the point that when the characters are donning shawls
against the cold--this in the white house--you shiver. I can'think of a
single actor who was not up to snuff, but James Spader as a rascally
vote procurer stands out. Sally Field as the troubled Mary Todd Lincoln
is a sympathetic gem, and her portrayal should go a long way towards
explaining and perhaps inviting history's revision of that unhappy
woman. The film focuses most on the nuts and bolts of legislative and
presidential processes, and while that may be boring for some,it has
such a ring of authenticity and research that it had me scrambling for
the history books to check on things I hadn't known. This is the most
difficult of all subjects to film, a dense scholarly work translated to
popular culture, but it succeeds on all counts. See it, make your
children go with you. You won't regret it.
