1
Simply Awful!! One of the worst movies I have seen in a while.

When I saw the trailer for this movie I was less than impressed to say
the least. I thought it looked cheesy and ridiculous and it turns out
the movie was even worse than the preview. I have read every book in
this series at least twice. I love them, they are probably some of my
favorite books I've ever read. And that makes this review so hard for
me to write, but honestly this movie is one of the worst I have ever
seen to the point that I created this account to write about how
horrible it was. Everything in this movie was cheesy. The writing was
cheesy, the acting was cheesy, the special effects were cheesy, and the
directing was awful. And on top of all that the movie as a whole made
almost no sense. I went to see this with my best friend, she hasn't
read the books, and she walked out having no idea what was going on and
what the actual plot line was. Even with me reading the books I had an
extremely hard time following everything that was going on because they
jumped around from different things, they should have just followed the
book. Which brings me to another point... they did NOT follow the book
like other people have been saying. They brought things in that
happened in the third book that had no place being in the first movie.
You're not supposed to know what kind of magic Lissa has nor is anyone
supposed to know about roses feelings for her instructor. I am so mad
that Richelle Mead sold the rights for this movie. I think that if she
would've held out for a better director and screenwriter this movie
could have been almost as amazing as the books. It was so bad that it
almost comes across as a spoof on the whole vampire genre. Overall
don't waste your money this movie is far from worth it.
