7
There is no beginning, there is no end, there is only the comingÂ…

I still remember seeing the first Underworld in the theatre and
enjoying it very much, though I didn't see any of the subsequent films
at the cinema, only on DVD. I re-watched them in preparation for seeing
this film and, as it stands, the original's still the best, with
Evolution and Rise of the Lycans vying for second and third place,
alternating between the two depending on my mood, while Awakening
remains my least favourite. I'm afraid Blood Wars isn't much better.
Whilst the fourth film felt like it was just non-stop gory action with
little to no story, this film seems to have the opposite problem.
Gorehounds needn't fear, there's still some quality violence (most of
which the Lycans seem to wind up on the receiving end of, like being
split in half and having their spines ripped out). The main problem is
the vampire politics are brought to the forefront. The other problem? Super sexy latex-clad vampire Death Dealer, Selene,
feels as though she's no longer the focus of her own franchise (though
at least she gets some memorable lines/moments). Let's be honest, most
people come to see Kate Beckinsale rocking the black latex catsuit like
nobody else can. So it remains a mystery as to why the writers appear
to be slowly phasing out her character. Please note filmmakers: These
films wouldn't be worth continuing without Ms. Beckinsale. Some tend to
dismiss her acting ability, but she's what's held this franchise
together. So it's disappointing her character is absent for what feels
like long stretches. Blood Wars begins like Awakening did, with
Kate's/Selene's voice-over (now with added echoing repeating what she's
already said!) and clips from the previous films...though, really, if
you haven't seen the others, why're you even here? Theo James's David
character from Awakening has a much more expanded role this time (now
fully replacing Scott Speedman's Michael as the franchise's male lead.
Yes, Michael's dead. Barring some future "We only SAID he was dead/were
only pretending!" reveal pulled out of the writers' arses, the Smurf is
no more). Whether you're a fan of David or not will likely contribute
to your enjoyment of the film, as he seems to take over the movie from
Selene for significant portions.I'll miss the Selene/Michael relationship, but am not opposed to
David's character helping Selene, though it might rub some the wrong
way how his backstory/ancestry's delved into so deeply it almost feels
like *he's* the film's main star. Those who paid attention to the first
films will appreciate references to a certain character who had minimal
screen time, yet plays an important part in this film's storyline,
while everyone else will be left wondering, "Who?". The blood of Selene
and her daughter, Eve (who's referenced aplenty but only appears in the
film's closing seconds), also proves important, as there's much
exchanging of said blood between different characters. Other than
Selene and David, the only significant returning character is Charles
Dance's Thomas. Whilst not as memorable as Bill Nighy's Viktor, an
actor of his caliber lends some weight/credibility to proceedings. His
relationship with his son and heretofore untold connection with a past
long-dead character is given prominence. Playing well off Dance is Lara
Pulver, sporting constantly changing hairstyles as Semira. They do what
they can with the material they're given. Semira's character also
provides a cautionary tale in why you shouldn't treat your
henchman/lover like crap, as we see play out between her and Bradley
James' Varga.Outlander's Tobias Menzies, as Lycan Marius, isn't given anywhere near
the complexity of his character from that series, as here he's mainly
just another complication in an already rather convoluted story. Nor is
his relationship with vampire, Alexia, given much depth...though at
least Daisy Head is quite striking, so you don't forget her character.
Also memorable on account of their physical appearance are the Nordic
Coven, the best of which is Lena (resembling a vampire Daenerys
Targaryen). She kicks major arse with a sword and shield (apparently
the Nordic Coven *do* bring swords to gun fights), plus also possesses
a "teleport" ability of sorts. For a newcomer, Clementine Nicholson
fares better with what little she's given compared to others who're
given more. She also plays an important part in Selene's physical
transformation (including her picking up that handy teleportation
ability) to becoming 'more' than she already is...which is just as
well, as poor Selene's put through the wringer this time around. It
pained me seeing our heroine beaten up/knocked down more than ever, but
allowed for a triumphant return, stronger/faster/better than ever...and
now with white blonde highlights in her jet black hair.The last couple of films' over-reliance on CGI versus the practical
effects for the Lycans of the earlier films is to the movies'
detriment, as the CGI creatures just aren't as impressive (and in the
case of the Marius man-wolf creature, rather laughable/dredging up bad
memories of the Scorpion King from The Mummy Returns...though not quite
THAT bad). Note for future movies: Refrain from going half/half, either
human or full beast is the way to go. Clearly this isn't intended as
the franchise's final film, but assuming another one does indeed
happen, that probably *should* be the last. The earlier Underworld
films weren't exactly 'high art', but they felt like they had more
substance to them than these last two. Given how much time was devoted
to Eve previously, it's strange she's mainly absent here (perhaps
she'll play a more significant role in the next movie?). I feel the
franchise lost something after delving more into the world of men, but
at least this one LOOKS more like an Underworld film than Awakening did
(though the music/score's sadly lacking Wedard's 'Leidenschaft'). Say
what you will about Len Wiseman, but I feel these later films'
direction have suffered from his absence. My main hope for the next
movie? That the filmmakers remember who this franchise's star is and
give Beckinsale/Selene the attention/importance/prominence she
deserves.
