8
The Squid and the Whale - 30 years later

One of Noah Baumbach's best films. Kind of feels like an unofficial
sequel to "The Squid and the Whale" as Dustin Hoffman's character
totally reminded me on Jeff Daniels' father character. But its another
story that is right adapted from real life and I guess thats why it
feels so similar. Its funny and sad and has an important message to
tell and I think there are lot of families that are similar or have a
similar background. The cast was great and the acting wonderful. Adam
Sandler as the oldest child has never been better. It was a great
performance and he delivered quite an interesting interpretation of his
character. Really good work. I like that Sandler actually is a good
actor once he works with talented directors. Dustin Hoffman was also
exceptional, especially in the first half of the film. Grumpy, but
still sympathetic. Ben Stiller was all right but he could have made
more out of this character. I liked Elizabeth Marvel who really
deserves to have more big roles like that. She truly has skills and you
really notice her theater background. Emma Thompson was fine but
sometimes her parody of a performance felt a bit forced and too
intentional in a way. A great screenplay, beautiful score and generally
a great ensemble make this one of the better Netflix releases of the
last months. A film that definitely deserves to be remembered come
award time.
