5
OK enough movie, no more no less--the stripping scenes pop with life, but the rest is dull filler

Soderbourgh's made a movie that really seems to get the joy of
stripping. The scenes that are the movie's reason for being I have to
admit are very well shot, well lit, well choreographed, and really get
at the joy and pure giddiness that both the guys feel performing and
the joy that the women in the audience feel watching them. They're the
centerpieces of the film, and the film whatever else you may or may not
feel about Channing Tatum's character or the rather vacuous supporting
characters orbiting him---those scenes really pop and bring the movie
to life. Its unfortunate that everything that's in between those scenes
feels like so much filler meant to beef up the film's dramatic quotient
so that its not just seen as that dude stripper movie. (Not unlike how
Soderbourgh's previous film "Haywire" also only really came to life
during the various action scenes of its main character springing to
life and doing the real fighting scenes that were that movie's reason
for being made and how everything else there was also filler--albeit
somewhat more entertaining filler) I appreciate the efforts that have been taken to make Tatum seem like a
three dimensional character with desires to make something of his life
that he just can't because of--well various reasons actually (bad
credit, not being taken seriously, etc)--none the least is that he
can't seem to make up his mind about whether to grow up and pursue a
serious adult relationship with an actual woman or continue playing
friends with benefits with Olivia Munn's rather fickle and pretty
arbitrary character. (or something like that i guess) Tatum like the
movie itself is all right---i don't think this is a particularly
revelatory performance the way some of the professional reviewers are
talking about---he's definitely not John Travolta in Saturday Night
Fever here even if their situations and circumstances are similar. (You
will not for one second get me to believe that he has even half of
Travolta's charisma in that movie here, even if he has the dance
moves....frankly Tatum was more Travolta level charismatic in 21 Jump
Street.) However Tatum definitely handles the very good monologue
Soderbourgh throws at him in the last 20 minutes or so perfectly--and
the disillusion that he feels as the movie goes along is
believable--although the ending is really pretty inconclusive--its
almost as if they didn't wanna end it because they knew a sequel would
be imminent--but i don't think there's really any more story to tell
here quite honestly. I mean Tatum's character reaches the decision that
he makes and then what's left for him or the movie to do except repeat
itself with stuff we've already seen? I suppose the sequel could focus
entirely on Matthew McConaghey's character or Alex Pettifer's character
but neither is really all that fleshed out (no pun intended) to the
point that either one could be the main character in their own movie.
(although at least McConaghey has a character that could hold your
attention with his non-stop patter and admittedly that patter is pretty
funny at times.) There's enough in the in between filler scenes that i
kinda wish they were better written, or at least better thought out,
and not so low key--i understand there was probably an effort to keep
all of the non-stripping scenes low energy so to highlight the
difference between their club life and their real everyday life--but it
just adds to the whole non-club scenes being filler vibe that the film
is only too happy to accept. The film isn't bad, its never less than
watchable--but really the only time the movie even approaches the level
of those stripper scenes is when you see the dancers rehearsing their
moves--and not because of the dancing--its just because that seems to
be the only other time the movie's energy level actually perks up and
manages to even be funny as well, would that the other scenes had as
much humor, or any emotion expressed besides Tatum's slightly depressed
brooding.
