9
Good, not as bad as people say from my point of view

I think it was great, yes it had a more or less good story, but that
isn't the writers' fault because there is so much that's taken from the
other Lego movies, feeling so cliché, but the animation is the best of
all three so far, mixing Lego and real elements was the coolest thing
the last two didn't have, it doesn't have as many jokes as the last two
movies, it's not supposed to, and it's really hard to keep both fans of
the TV show and new fans because they had to change a lot from it, and
also keep some things from it, maybe if people watched the TV show
before watching the movie would understand what I'm talking about,
that's why I understand why people doesn't like it as much as the other
2, having to deal with keeping us fans of the show happy and also
everyone else is a hard job, so I'm thankful for their work, and also
there is some great music in the soundtrack and the voice actors are
amazing, some great highlights would be Jackie Chan as sensei Wu , Dave
Franco as Lloyd,Zach woods, Michael Peña as Kai and the best is Justin
Theroux as Lord Garmadon, he did it great, and his lines really are the
best, and the action is unbelievable, it's great that a stunt team
recorded all those moves, something that the last 2 movies didn't have,
so there are all my reasons to like this movie, and I hope if someone
reads this can understand why I really enjoyed the movie and maybe
learn to appreciate it a little bit more and change your opinion if
possible.
