7
Nothing special but enjoyable enough, thanks to Denzel & Whalberg

I didn't think much of this movie when I first saw the trailer for it.
It seemed like a quickie project for two of Hollywood's elite actors. I
don't mind Mark Whalberg at all. He's a solid actor, but it seems like
everywhere you go these days, he's in a new movie. It gets to the point
where I go "ANOTHER ONE?" Again. I have no problem with Mark. He's
talented, it was just something I noticed. The plot is nothing to write
home about. It has just enough energy and chemistry from the two starts
to make this the perfect time passer. That's exactly what this movie
relies on, star power. I'm a big fan of "Buddy, Buddy" pictures. It was
huge in my favorite era, the 80's. This one elicits memories from the
80's with how it's done. It also throws in some decent twists and turns
as well. Those that love action should be glad to know it delivers in
that aspect. Mark Whalberg is a lot of fun in his role. His winking
shtick made me laugh, and he had energy to spare. Denzel Washington is
just as good, if not better. He had some terrific lines. Denzel
continues to prove what a commodity he is with his amazing talent.
Paula Patton is drop dead gorgeous. Subsequently, she's also a terrific
actress. Her sexy, husky voice was hot. Bill Paxton steals some scenes
with his role. Edward James Olmos is great as well. Overall, it won't
exactly make your day. It does manage to entertain, and that's all I
can really ask for. I definitely recommend it on a bland night7/10
