1
It Belongs in the Trash Can at the End of the Street.

The House at the End of the Street (2012): Dir: Mark Tonderai / Cast:
Jennifer Lawrence, Max Thieriot, Elisabeth Shue, Eva Link, Gil Bellows:
First off the house isn't located at the end of a street. A street
would be lined with houses and lights and mailboxes. This is more less
a house at the end of a vacant dirt road in the middle of nowhere. The
recycled plot regards a mother and daughter, played by Elisabeth Shue
and Jennifer Lawrence who move into a house that is located near
another house where a girl murdered her parents four years prior. The
house is occupied by the son of the deceased victims. He is scrutinized
by locals but Lawrence strikes up a curiosity when she is given a drive
home. Director Mark Tonderai renders this a laugh fest. Before Lawrence
is picked up, the rain suddenly falls and it comes off as corny.
Lawrence is a fine actress but she plays a total airhead here. Her
entry into the house next door has her nosing about like she owns the
place and it just comes off as dumb. Then we have Max Thieriot as the
son next door who secretly shelters his psychotic sister in the
basement. Another dimwitted move regards a scene where Lawrence is tied
to a chair. A cop comes to the door and there are baby speakers
present, so it would make sense to gag Lawrence. Instead she is told
that no one would hear her, which makes no sense. Shue plays the over
the top over protective mother, and Eva Link plays that nut case sister
next door. Gil Bellows plays a cop who needs to be retrained so to do
his job without viewers complaining how idiotic he is. This film should
be locked in a basement and never seen again. Score: 1 / 10
