10
Smoothest action film to come around in a long time

John Wick is something special. It takes as much time setting up
elaborate action sequences as it does the world with which it all takes
place in. And what a world it is. It reminds me of Millers Crossing and
it is cooler than any other recent attempt at noir. We are shown a
criminal underworld where, if you are connected, many powerful people
know who you are and show you respect. John Wick was connected but he
got out. He is the rare killer who has found peace, and he is grateful
for that peace. Some young kids steal that from him and he does what he
does best, he wages a one man war against the Russian Mafia. It might
sound like the film takes quite a leap but it all makes sense. The
motives of John and the people who get in the way of his bullets are
all very clear, even if it does come across as rather simple. That's
the plot at it's most basic. Then there's the action. The film is
directed by Reeve's stuntman from The Matrix, so this guy knows action.
There are sequences that flow so smoothly it puts other action films
and their quick cuts to shame. Keaunu moves so fluidly throughout the
film and comes across as such a natural that the only disappointment is
that we have not seen him like this before. Along the way are plenty of
character actors, fans of The Matrix and The Wire will recognize a few
people then there are more obvious ones like Ian McShane and Willem
Dafoe. Everyone seems to be having a good time. That is another plus
for this movie. It get's dark at times but overall it is quite fun, not
very chipper, but fun. I cannot recommend this movie enough. I believe
it is a must see for action fans and for anyone looking for something a
bit different from the usual fare.
