4
The corporate version of Beauty And The Beast: Disney at it's most generic and dull

Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear: where should I start folks. I had low
expectations already because I hated each and every single trailer so
far, but boy did Disney make a blunder here. I'm sure the film will
still make a billion dollars - hey: if Transformers 11 can do it, why
not Belle? - but this film kills every subtle beautiful little thing
that had made the original special, and it does so already in the very
early stages. It's like the dinosaur stampede scene in Jackson's King
Kong: only with even worse CGI (and, well, kitchen devices instead of
dinos).The worst sin, though, is that everything (and I mean really
EVERYTHING) looks fake. What's the point of making a live-action
version of a beloved cartoon if you make every prop look like a prop? I
know it's a fairy tale for kids, but even Belle's village looks like it
had only recently been put there by a subpar production designer trying
to copy the images from the cartoon. There is not a hint of
authenticity here. Unlike in Jungle Book, where we got great looking
CGI, this really is the by-the-numbers version and corporate filmmaking
at its worst. Of course it's not really a "bad" film; those 200 million
blockbusters rarely are (this isn't 'The Room' after all), but it's so
infuriatingly generic and dull - and it didn't have to be. In the hands
of a great director the potential for this film would have been huge.Oh and one more thing: bad CGI wolves (who actually look even worse
than the ones in Twilight) is one thing, and the kids probably won't
care. But making one of the two lead characters - Beast - look equally
bad is simply unforgivably stupid. No wonder Emma Watson seems to phone
it in: she apparently had to act against an guy with a green-screen in
the place where his face should have been.
