8
Critics Miss the Point

There have been complaints about this film on the basis of historically
inaccuracies ranging from the dialogue between Disney and Mrs. Travers,
the relationship between Mrs. Travers and the studio to the simple
motif of Mrs. Travers dancing with the writers. This film is not an
historical document, rather a story about an author, her book and a
studio. The film portrays the Mary Poppins books as an attempt by Mrs.
Travers to rescue a version of her father and give him a better story
than life provided him, a point made touchingly by her bursting into
tears in- front of the writing staff due to her perception that they
had made Mr.Banks 'unspeakably awful'. The writers return the following
day with a changed ending, one where father went kite flying with the
kids and they were together as a family. Abstracted from the history of
events, this film is a charming depiction of two people with difficult
childhoods forming an uneasy friendship through a tortuous
collaboration. In reality, Mrs. Travers never did let go of her father
or her books and had a poor relationship with the family that survived
her; what sense of hope or satisfaction would an audience derive from
such an ending? I would like to think that this isn't weakness or
evasion, but Disney's way of trying to give the relationship between
itself and Mrs. Travers the parity and respect in film that it deserved
to have in life.
