8
Train sets and winter tires

An elderly man, sitting alone at a four-person table in his dining
area, eats his dinner surrounded by silence, staring at nothing. This
quick opening sequence is movie-shorthand for character exposition (the
man is a widower--probably for a while now--in an obvious rut, still
eating supper at the same time every night, in the same chair, just as
he would if his wife were alive), and I feared the worst. Luckily, this
script by Scott Neustadter and Michael H. Weber, adapting Kent Haruf's
novel, proves to be a solid job of writing. Robert Redford plays the
widower who no sooner sits down with his newspaper before he gets a
surprise visit from down-the-street neighbor and widow Jane Fonda, an
acquaintance of his late wife's. She proposes an initially-puzzling
proposition: since they are both alone--and lonely, she presumes--and
she has a hard time sleeping anyway, why don't they spend their nights
together, platonically, in the same bed? It takes Redford a day to
consider it, and their first sleepover is awkward, but soon the
strangeness wears off and the couple comes to cherish their
not-so-secret, non-intimate evenings. Sensitive study of small town
lives, old wounds, family problems, loss, greetings and farewells, is
tenderly and astutely rendered. This handsomely-shot film for Netflix
may be criticized for being too polite, too tasteful, but you come to
want the best for these people, even in the midst of life's big and
small messes. The dialogue is vivid--amazingly so--and the supporting
cast is uniformly excellent. This is the finest effort from either
Redford or Fonda in many years; together, they provide a lovely duet.
