2
Sicario - Review:

Sicario doesn't live up to the hype. Emily Blunt's character runs
around and stumbles upon things like she's Bella Swan from Twilight:
New Moon. Benicio Del Toro's character's story is the most interesting
part of the movie but, his story doesn't come about until halfway into
the movie. Emily Blunt is completely underutilized here; Her character
makes some of the stupidest decisions but, some of it is justified. All
Emily Blunt really does in this movie is stumble upon things, makes
stupid decisions, and smokes a ton of cigarettes. Benicio Del Toro is a
bad-ass in this movie and his scenes are the most interesting, but Del
Toro's story isn't engaging enough because it is lacking what the rest
of the movie is lacking... a story. Sicario plays more on beats, tone,
images, and simplicity rather than dramatic story elements and
sentimental emotion. This movie is extremely blood soaked, violent, and
sometimes haunting, but that's all it has going for it. This movie
means nothing, it starts nowhere, and it ends nowhere. The movie is
100% predictable minus a couple of moments with Del Toro towards the
end. If you want to see a boring tension-filled blood-soaked horror
feast than enjoy. If you want to see an engaging and emotionally
charged character driven story (including all of the extreme
blood-soaked horror violence) than pass on this one because it's not
present.
