1
Style Over Substance

Having watched the terrible decline in many areas of movie making over
the past 20 years, i think 'Stoker' is a clear example of a movie that
is all style and little else. Chan-Wook Park seems to be idolized by
the chosen few who seem to think his movies are pure art. Quite where
this comes from i have no idea. Take the 'Stoker' storyline; Daddy
dies, Uncle appears from his travels, Mummy falls in love with Uncle,
Uncle has a crazed sexual longing for his niece, cue over the top
killings. Add to all of this a collage of 'so called' cool scenes
including the bursting of a foot blister in extreme close up, the
spreading of tennis balls on a court, nicely placed boxes of shoes on a
bed, an egg being rolled around a table with a weird crunching
sound,the daughter dressed in strange 'Meeks Cutoff' movie
leftovers,the Uncle who drives a sports car alongside a school bus of
screaming girls, the horrendous eating sounds of the daughter at each
meal time (maybe something to do with her super hearing) and on and on.
A total mess of footage that we are meant to see as 'total Art-house'.
Matthew Goode must have laughed his way through this garbage thinking
of the paycheck. Nicole Kidman simply did what she has done in many of
her previous movies by acting strange. Last but not least, the very
over rated Mia Wasikowska who simply plays the oddball and is better
known for her unpronounceable name and whiter than white skin. This
movie is typical of today's output by directors making a name for
themselves with sub standard crap pretending it is art.I have not been
so bored since i watched the aforementioned 'Meeks Cutoff'. Straight in
with a bullet as one of the worst movies of this decade.
