1
The "Saga" disgracefully, and finally, comes to an inauspicious end

I am not a fan of this series, in fact I was drug to see this movie by
my girlfriend who is a huge fan of the books and first 3 films, so that
should probably be considered with my perspective on this movie.
Breaking Dawn Part 2 does not bring forth one redeemable quality, in my
eyes, from beginning to end. It starts with our lovable hero and heroin
kindling around their new born hybrid baby, in what appears to be a
cabin generally reserved for families vacationing deep in the Colorado
mountains. It pretty much retains this general setting for about 75-80%
of the movie (this is definitely not a good thing). The main problem
presented in this movie, is whether or not the world can accept their
mixed child, not kidding. THE ENTIRE MOVIE (2 hours) IS SPENT ON
THIS....and yet somehow they never seem to move in any real direction.
They acquire "witnesses" for about 35 minutes, generally only detailing
what their specific power is. Then we spend about 30 minutes on a scene
that doesn't happen, and everyone walks away peacefully. The special
effects and CG were just atrocious. I mean really, the baby in the
beginning? How they are shown moving quickly, I know I know it isn't
really but damn...common. Lastly don't even get me started on the
script, the dialog was abysmal. "You named my kid after the lochness
monster" is an actual line from 2 minutes into the movie. Acting wasn't
much better outside of the main 2 characters everyone was bad...real
bad. I just don't understand how anything so atrocious, so nefarious,
and so desperate, ever got the almost "cult" status this had received.
Makes me really worried about our countries youth..
