10
A big improvement over the last one indeed..

Autobots and Decepticons are at war, with humans on the sidelines.
Optimus Prime is gone. The key to saving our future lies buried in the
secrets of the past, in the hidden history of Transformers on Earth. If
you have been following my reviews for movies or this Franchise in
general you should know that i actually do enjoy this Series and yes
it's big and loud and even kinda dumb at times but i still enjoy them
and 'The Last Knight' is no exception because i freaking loved this
film. The action and the cgi were superb, Mark Wahlberg was amazing and
he totally kicked butt threw out the whole damn thing (he even gets to
block a Transformer with his sword), Anthony Hopkins as Sir Edmund
Burton is great because it's Anthony Freaking Hopkins i mean the guy
was both inspiring and funny at the same time, Laura Haddock who plays
Vivian although it's a pretty face to look at is no Nicola Peltz she is
actually quite charming and of course funny too and what a pleasure is
to see Colonel William Lennox back in action. The film does have it's
flaws tho some of the jokes don't always land i'll give them that, some
of this new Decepticons were a bit annoying and some aspects such as
certain scenes with some certain characters could have been cut out for
example did we really had to see Vivian's annoying and stupid family? I
mean common but even with those tiny little issues that i had i still
enjoyed the movie for what it was and i found the story and some of
it's twists quite good if you ask me although i do hope that Bumblebee
gets to talk with his actual voice for one damn film, the action was
great and full of great effects and some very cool fight sequences
between both humans and Transformers, the acting for the most part was
good and both the old and new characters were interesting to say the
least especially Izabella and Cogman. Overall Transformers: The Last
Knight won't please everyone and it's definitely a Series that is not
meant for everyone but if you enjoyed the last 4 films like i did you
will enjoy this one too but if you hated the sequels and found the
first one kinda decent you should definitely avoid this movie at all
cost and go see Wonder Woman or Cars 3 or whatever you want to see but
for me TF5 was what i wanted it to be and even more than that and it's
definitely not the kind of film that deserves a 15% on Rotten Tomatoes
the same Rotten Tomatoes that gave Sharknado an 82%
