7
Love and Espionage in WWII

In 1942, during the World War II, the Canadian spy Max Vatan (Brad
Pitt) goes parachuting to the French Morocco to meet the French spy
Marianne Beaus√©jour (Marion Cotillard) that is posing of his wife in
Casablanca. Their mission is to assassinate the German Ambassador in a
reception. They live together for a couple of days and soon they fall
in love with each other. When Max returns to his base in London, he
brings Marianne and marries her. One year later, they have the baby
daughter Anna during a bombing. One day, Max is summoned for a meeting
in the feared V Section with his commander officer Frank Heslop (Jared
Harris) and a secret service agent that tells that they suspect
Marianne is a German Spy. Further, they will give a fake order to him
to confirm whether Marianne is a spy or not. If she is, Max shall
execute his beloved wife; otherwise they will be both executed. What
will Max do?"Allied" is a good film directed by Robert Zemeckis with a story with
lots of action, romance and drama. The awesome performances of Marion
Cotillard and Brad Pitt with magnificent support cast give credibility
to the story. The beauty of Marion Cotillard is perfect for a story in
the 40's. The scenes are very well balanced with intense action,
romance and drama. The journey of Max Vatan to find whether his wife is
a German spy or not is outstanding and the conclusion is magnificent.
My vote is seven.Titles (Brazil): "Aliados" ("Allied")
