1
How did 4 good actresses all make such a hideous film?

I was expecting to love it, but despite myself, it took all of 30
minutes before I ended up aggressively hating this film and resenting
the makers of it for wasting my time and hard earned money on such
drivel. I would describe this film as watching a friend who is really
paralytically drunk or high. They think they're having the time of
their lives. You on the other hand, get to watch the reality of them,
bleary-eyed, snotty-nosed, puking, declaring inappropriate slurry love
to randoms, publicly exposing themselves and finally crying in the
middle of the street about how **** up they are all the time wishing
that you had just stayed home. Im not exaggerating, this is LITERALLY
most of the plot of the movie!The characters are nasty, mean-spirited bitches. Male and female. Only
the bride, groom and one best man are likable and even then they are
portrayed/seem pathetically naive or just plain stupid. The amount of
drug-taking in this film is neither necessary nor interesting. The
women only seem to be able to get it together after they all find a
romantic attachment for the night in the form of 1) old flame that she
never got over and that's why she's so tormented, but not anymore. 2)
Equally horrid male character who manages to dominate head bitch and
therefore distracts her from all her neuroses so she can be successful
and happy again. 3) Super nice guy who has always been there for the
stupid slutty girl and make her feel good about herself again.Yuck!
