9
adore ....love , respect and friendship

Director Anne Fontaine has done a very good job of directing 4 main
characters in the movie Adore. Naomi Watts as Lil and Robin Wright as
Roz are beautiful, gorgeous, great friends from childhood and cherish
each others opinions and advice. Each has a son and Lil's son Ian(
Xavier Samuel from Twilight??) and Roz's son Tom (James
Frecheville)grow up as best buddies, swimming and surfing in the
beautiful waters. All four, Lil and Roz on the beach , basking in the
sun , laying on the sands and Ian and Tom in the waters surfing make a
great foursome. Ian and Roz are mistaken for lesbians just because they
do not show any interest in other men. Well, Roz has a husband but Ian
has strong passionate feelings for Roz. He is in love with Roz.
Initially , Lil finds it unbelievable that her best friend who knows
Ian as a baby could be sexually involved with her son. She , in return,
ends up reciprocating Tom's sexual advances. Ian has true feelings for
Roz and Tom has sexual feelings for Lil. Eventually, friends decide to
put an end to the relationship and let the "young Gods" go free. Ian
never wanted to be away from Roz whereas Tom was involved with another
young stage actress when he was away in Sydney just for a month. Robin
Wright is terrific as Roz and Naomi Watts as Lil is excellent. Both
actresses come across as true friends, no jealousy, no grudges, no
judgments. very pleasant . good editing. Liked Robin wright as Roz.
Oscars nomination? maybe.
