8
Gorgeous, charming Canadiana

Painting in Nova Scotia! With arthritis! Sounds riveting, doesn't it?
No, not really. So I was a little surprised when Maudie, a Canadian
production, was getting international attention and even Oscar buzz,
with its international cast. It's actually an Irish co-production,
continuing an apparent marriage following the two countries' Room and
Brooklyn (both 2015).It's more apparent, upon seeing the film, what the appeal is. Maudie is
a solid drama, with strong performances by Hawke and Hawkins (don't get
those two surnames confused). Hawke is challenged to be brutish with
deeply hidden tender undertones, and largely succeeds, though with the
character's violent tendencies I wouldn't exactly characterize the film
as romantic, and would advice Maud Lewis to split. Hawkins
simultaneously acts crippled, while maintaining shades of optimism and
slyness, a somewhat similar challenge to what got Eddie Redmayne an
Oscar as Stephen Hawking (another surname not to confuse). The
paintings we see range from charming and cute, at best, to childish and
bewilderingly popular, at worst. It was also refreshing to see a
true-story movie without the mandatory captions at the end telling us
about what happened to the survivors and to Lewis' posthumous artistic
reputation, because I'm getting sick and tired of that. The
performances, plus gorgeous photography of Newfoundland coasts and
virtually anything else that comes into frame, make Maudie a winner.
