9
Don't miss this special animated film!

This is a beautiful animated film. Very unique in comparison to other
animated films out there. I loved that it had funny parts - for adults
as well as kids - but it isn't a silly comedy. It is a gorgeous, epic
folkloric tale of family, tradition and finding your own way. I laughed
and cried, and my kids loved it as much as I did. My kids (ages 3.5 and
5.5) both were entranced and never got bored or scared watching this
film. For families: it wasn't scary at all. I worried maybe the
"skeleton" painted Day of the Dead characters may be creepy but they
weren't at all. The sets and characters were all very beautiful and
unique. The Land of the Remembered was especially visually stunning. I
found it especially touching as a parent of young kids with numerous
generations in "our village" helping raise my kids and help carry each
other through life's highs and lows. I was reminded by this film of the
importance of all the generations that came before us - how we are
shaped by our families. How we learn from and must respect those who
came before us. That was a nice message for me and my kids. But, it
also shows that, while we respect, learn from and inherit gifts from
our fore-bearers, we also have a responsibility to be true to
ourselves, to make our own way and find our true calling. It was also
touchingly romantic. It felt very genuine and warm throughout but the
sweet romantic story was especially touching. You could tell a lot of
love went into making this film. I hope it does well - it should on its
own merit!
