7
Amusing.

The Meyerowitz Stories starts with a critique of Manhattan's constantly
changing architectural landscape that has very much to do with why Adam
Sandler's character is unable to find a parking spot. Unable to
critique his own life, which has broken apart and aggravated since his
divorce, he is now trying to mend his relations with his father (or
please him rather), a three-time divorc√©e, an unpopular sculptor who is
excited he met Sigourney Weaver, and sort of a pivot to his total of
three children. Noah Baumbach's writing, that covers a whole wide
spectrum of comedy, will crack you up. It's surprising because these
are not second-hand jokes spewed by Sandler, as you'd think, but funny
social mix-ups also involving Dustin Hoffman, Ben Stiller, Elizabeth
Marvel, and Emma Thompson that reflect life as you know it. I do not
know if I can call these characters dysfunctional (go watch the Bluth
family) because there's a certain degree of truth and warmth in their
airs; I almost am a Meyerowitz myself. Of course, also blame the goofy
editing, the writing slips into boredom theater at some point in the
second act with occasional slug-fests and slapstick ruining the flow,
but Baumbach manages to wrap it up with a satisfying climax. The
Meyerowitz Stories is essentially a film where the characters, although
talking to each other, are talking about different things. So you are
watching two films at once.
