7
A good docu-drama but nothing more

I liked this film, thought it was a well done solid film. But I am
afraid I can't say anything more than that, it is very documentary like
which can be it's biggest strength (a very fact driven plot heavy film)
or it's biggest weakness (characters feel cold and distant and other
than the plot nothing really impresses, also quite bland in the visuals
department). However the characters do start to show some life nearing
the end of the film but by that time damage is done it can be hard if
not impossible for viewers to differentiate between the reporters for
nearly one and a half hour of the film, they all suffer from different
faces but same objective syndrome and inadequate effort is made to
separate one from the another. Also speaking of run-time, this film is
a wee bit over two hours long, editing especially in the first half
could have made this film a bit crispier. However I did like the
accuracy level in the film regarding the cellphones, ads, electronics
and the cars used in 2001; a lot of films these days are becoming very
careless in this regard. I would compare it to last year's Foxcatcher
another fact driven docu-drama film, solidly acted, but nothing special
in the direction, editing and cinematography department, I would still
recommend it but no way this film deserves a second watch, you can
absorb everything there is to get in a single viewing. All in all, a
solid well written docu-drama which will have it's time in the
"spotlight" (pun!) this Oscar season and will become "oh that movie
about pedo priests" by next year's Oscar season.
