7
Good but imperfect, one for genre fans

Five hard drinking friends go on a booze-fuelled roadtrip looking for
the most extreme haunted house experience America's backcountry has to
offer. It's actually a fantastic premise as the film-makers are able to
play with loads of creepy imagery, ratcheting up the tension without
shooting their bolt too soon. The assumption is that none of it is
real, but underlying these visits is the tension that... what if they
aren't? For a low-budget film the acting and the script is really good.
Found footage always benefits from believable characters exchanging
natural dialogue, which is what you get here without a doubt. Some of
the back and forth is actually pretty funny and at times I found myself
chuckling along; which I think is a good thing in a horror film as it
builds a rapport between the viewer and characters, which draws you
into their world. It's a pretty slow film all told and the last act
spoiled the build up for me, leaving me rather unsatisfied. Was I sad I watched it though? Hell no! This film is all about the
tension and the imagery. The uncertainty, the questioning of what's
real and what isn't. It isn't perfect, but with a few simple tweaks and
a better ending, it could have been. If you like horror and you like
found footage, this film will totally entertain you. If you liked the
trailer and you're sitting on the fence, get off that fence and stick
it on. It gets more right than wrong, some of the scenes are so
downright creepy they'll be knocking around in my psyche for some time
to come.
