1
Close to the worst ever?  Yeah pretty close

Anyone rating this over a 4 is involved with the film. It's just not a
good movie, the acting isn't acting and the script was most likely
written on dennys napkins at 3am. People claiming there's an age
correlation, saying the younger viewer explains the terrible reviews.
Much like your fat body is what makes u look fat and not the dress
('you', in a general sense), it's just plain a bad movie. Age has zero
to do with it, taste however is a factor. This just another nonsensical
self indulgent rubbish where hipsters claim "if you don't like it then
you don't understand it". No, no, we fully understand it and we
understand it's terrible lol. I'm sure the writer and director is a
great and talented person and hopefully her next venture will be
better. I'd be extremely surprised if the director or any of the actors
believe this to be a quality film. This is the type of film where in a
few years actors will magically not have it listed on their IMDb page.
Take Carry for instance, do you think he'd be rolling the same if the
movie was actually good? If it was even mildly good he'd be all over
the show making sure everyone knew he was dbag#13 in the film. I mean
this is one those films that's so bad in every single aspect that
anyone giving marks above 3-4 is related or a part of the film. It's so
transparent it's not even cool. Please, we the community of actual
viewers beg you to stop skewing the stats for personal gain. To be the
best you have to beat the best. Fake reviews, not cool man. Not cool at
all. P.s. I do subscribe to the reality that one or two of the positive
reviews are legit but c'mon, let's get real here. That is all, please
carry on.
