10
An emotional powerhouse film

Lone Survivor depicts the failed Operation Red Wings mission in 2005 in
which 18 members of the US Armed Forces were killed in action. The film
delivers a heavy handed patriotic look inside what happened during
those fateful hours. Right off the bat, the film starts with honoring
the men and women who serve the United States in the military via a
very powerful, if not, melodramatic montage. We then are introduced to
Navy SEALs, Marcus, Mike, Axe, and Danny, all played brilliantly by
Mark Wahlberg, Taylor Kitsch, Emile Hirsch, and Ben Foster. The actors
in this film exude the necessary chemistry for the audience to really
feel these characters as not just characters in the film, but in real
life as well. From Wahlberg to Foster, all four leads play their roles
very carefully and it pays off especially when we see each of them in
peril. With such a connection made in the first slow building hour, we
are then dropped into a forty five minute, pulse pounding shootout
between a huge Taliban force and four trained Navy SEALs. As the title
suggest, the shootout does not end pretty and never even comes close to
sugar coating the brutal nature of war. The entire shootout sequence is
filled with hard edged moments of brutality, gore and truly gut
wrenching scenes. It is by far one of the most heart racing moments in
recent cinema and considering the end results, it is very heart
wrenching that by the end of it, you feel as if the wind has been
knocked out of you. By the end of the film, Lone Survivor makes you
really appreciate the freedom you have, a feat that has not yet been
achieved in film up until now. This film is as good as Black Hawk Down
and Saving Private Ryan, it is absolutely worth seeing on the big
screen and I highly recommend it.
