8
You gotta hand it to Park Chan-wook

The Handmaiden is a beautifully told story in a beautifully shot film.
Some of it's chosen exterior locations are so captivating and
mesmerizing, you almost feel you're there, or wish you were. The
actresses are beautiful and perform nothing short of excellent, the
young girl (The Handmaiden) especially, such a professionally acted
job. You'd expect more so sex scenes, that kind of left me a little
downtrodden. The major lesbian one, amidst only a couple of others, in
this near two and half hour piece, is one of the hottest and most
explicit, I've ever seen, this one again, beautifully shot. The story
involves a young girl, a new handmaiden, forced to defraud the wife of
the husband, only the young girl falls for the wife, where the story
kind of manipulates you, as to where the girl's intentions will lead,
where revenge is thrown in too, as we go back in time to an earlier
period, involving our young girl, and the wife, where we find ourselves
returning to some old scenes, but with added stuff- purpose here. This
is one you'd have to watch a couple of times to get the complete
picture. Didn't understand the change in color of the subtitles, my
only qualm. Acting by all is top notch, and our handmaiden is
definitely something to ogle at. A handmaiden who's beautifully made.
We too have some violence, and some humorous moments. Hopefully this
film will command more attention from moviegoers in Adelaide, as here's
one faultless cinematic experience, you should experience, and by no
accounts, miss, as it will be your loss. The most impressive thing here
though, above everything else here is the filming/photography from
obviously a very talented photographer.
