6
"The Green Inferno" should please Eli Roth fans

A movie inspired by the ultra-violent 70's Italian cannibal movies
seems perfect for a director like Eli Roth. If you're not a fan of his
films already, this won't win you over, but if you his brutal,
tongue-in-cheek horror, The Green Inferno is a perfectly serviceable
gore-fest. The Green Inferno follows Justine, a freshman in college who
joins a student activist group that plans to save the Amazon rain
forest. But these guys aren't just all talk: they are going to go
directly to a village in Peru to rescue it from impending bulldozers
before the village is destroyed, and their mission is successful. They
rejoice on the plane ride back home, but their celebration is short
lived as the plane crashes somewhere in the vast sea of green. Soon
enough, they are taken hostage by a cannibalistic tribe and must escape
before they are turned into someone's next meal. Like Roth's previous
films, The Green Inferno takes its time before unleashing hell on the
victims. The crew doesn't actually encounter the cannibal tribe until
about 45 minutes into the plot, so when the violence comes, it really
packs a punch. You'll definitely want to finish your popcorn early.
Unfortunately, the movie doesn't have much of a plot after the group
gets captured, so a lot of it is focused on the gruesome death scenes.
I have to give credit where it's due, though. There are some really
hard to watch scenes in this, and that's exactly what this movie wants.
However, what makes The Green Inferno not just your average torture
porn flick is how stylish it is and some darkly funny writing. The
humor does sometimes get a little unnecessary at times, but there are
many times where I had a laugh with the movie. Mainstream audiences
won't appreciate how it homages classic cannibal flicks, but Eli Roth
fans should be satisfied with a suitably nasty descent into hell.
