1
Wait for the DVD or for it on cable.

I've been a fan of Transformers since 1984 (I was 7) but damn it
Michael Bay, you and your writers put the worst POS movie out there
possible. I thought Transformers: Rise Of The Fallen was horrible (#'s
1 & 3 I enjoyed), but this Transformers made that one look like an
Academy award winner. This film was so bad I thought about walking out
a few times. Mark Wahlberg was so damn horrible in this film (sad
because I like a lot of his others) as well as Nicola Peltz and Jack
Reynor that I actually was praying that Shia Labeouf (who I couldn't
stand and thought Walberg would work out much better) would jump out at
some point screaming, "OOOPPPTTTIIIMMMUUUSSS!!! Kill all the other
human actors who suck except Kelsey Grammar!" just to save this film. I
went to this to see the Dinobots and they ended up being basically
background extras in a super cheesy, explosive, mess. There was so much
you could have easily rewritten that would have totally changed the way
this film turned out. My fianc√©', who knows nothing about any past
Transformer genres or who the characters are except Optimus, Megatron &
Bumblebee and who enjoyed the first 3 films thought this film was
horrible! Never thought I'd say it, but please don't make TF5 and when
you said you were never going to make another after the third one you
should have taken your own advice. The title "extinction" fit this film
well.
