2
Tolstoi's Ana Karenina based on a digest for a middle school

This new "adaptation" is nonsense. Tolstoy's novel is about a woman who
belonged to the upper class that governed the Great Russia, the country
extending from Atlantic Ocean to Pacific Ocean, from Arctics to
Afghanistan. Why is that Vonsky's mother, a princess by the title, is
sharing a bench with senator Karenin's wife in a second class car where
her son, price Vronsky finds them somewhere between third and the 4th
raw? Their wealth allowed them to travel in a separate car and they
often did! We were told from the screen that it was Russia of 1874.
Well then how comes that Anna's "son" plays with train toys that run...
on batteries? The cancan was normal for the working-class ballrooms of
Montparnasse, but not for the aristocracy of Russian Empire exactly
because it contradicted to aristocratic education and highly developed
sense of taste. And amidst all of this nonsense we hear a bunch of
"subRussian" "aj-lu-lu" songs that would be appropriate for the poor
villagers but not for the Russian Aristocracy of this time. The movie
appears to be staged in the backstage of a Café chantant. I was shocked
to see that there is a hen sitting on the bookcase in Oblonsky's study.
And why the Karenin's bedroom is situated in a huge hall with many
columns in it? And his servants dressed as servants in bistro? Servants
of aristocracy had to wear "la livrea", a livery, a uniform! I have
impression that ladies jewelries were rented from a local Macy's store,
while the entire picture was filmed in an abandoned provincial theater
with broken walls and bad floor. And please notice that soup
Marie-Louise is always with asparagus, so it is as inappropriate to
mention this to the guests of Stiva Oblonsky's dinner. Extremely bad
taste is obvious from about all scenes of the film. But so is the idea
of this movie. We were offered just another attempt to present an
adultère with a little bit attachment to un époux Russe. Unlike the
world of commoners, Anna was not granted the freedom of choice because
her divorce and remarriage was to be approved by the Most Holly Sinod,
and the divorce lawyer, who was omitted from the film, was quite clear
about this issue in his conversation with Karenin. This is why the
drama had to be moved from the formal level to individual qualities of
the people involved. And the only one who in my opinion reached this
goal on behalf of Tolsoy was Jude Law, who was excellent as new Karenin
lacking the common impression of a ridiculed husband. I understand that
the "stamping" clerks from Oblonsky's office was added to the whole
venture by Mrs. Wright and Stoppard as a token of their appreciation of
Russian Avant-garde theatre, but it only enhanced the feeling of
totally lost control over the flow of the drama. I am greatly
disappointed. In my opinion, this film lacks good taste, understanding
of Tolstoy's original idea, understanding of the characters, the time
and circumstances of the drama, which together constitute a minimum
requirement for a fair cinematography for classics adaptation. Don't
even think to offer this thing to Russian viewers, because it will
cause nothing but a belly laugh. Try to find and enjoy the Anna
Karenina (1967) directed by great Aleksandr Zarkhi: this is a true
piece of art, colorful and careful to every detail, the highest
expression of a family drama without exits that explains its tragic
end.
