9
JKL: The Movie - McConaughey gives an Oscar-worthy performance of complex strength and a certain shabby nobility as Ron Woodruff

DALLAS BUYERS CLUB (2013) ***1/2 Matthew McConaughey, Jennifer Garner,
Jared Leto, Denis O'Hare, Steve Zahn, Dallas Roberts, Kevin Rankin,
Griffin Dunne, Michael O'Neill. McConaughey gives an Oscar-worthy
performance of complex strength and a certain shabby nobility as Ron
Woodruff, a rough-and-tumble Texas good ol' boy whose sudden diagnosis
of contracting HIV and given a death sentence instead galvanizes the
pig-headed, homophobic rodeo cowboy a chance at redemption by sticking
to his guns, digging in his heels and serving up an ad-hoc business
selling memberships to those similarly afflicted for non-FDA approved
drugs. While Craig Borten and Melisa Wallack's screenplay serves the
subject all- too familiarly from one-note borderline redneck to patron
saint somewhere in between it is the clear eyes direction by Jean-Marc
Vallee and his star's amazing acting skills in making an unlikable
reprobate something we all recognize: all too human in an unjust world.
Leto is equally remarkable as a transvestite homosexual who become
Woodroof's aide-de-camp and best friend in the process while Garner's
green doctor balances out as a medical professional learning the knotty
ropes of big pharma tactics. McConaughey lost a reported nearly 40
pounds to give his skeletal appearance the verisimilitude necessary but
make no mistake he delivers the goods, warts an all with a sense of
dark humor and self-worth. JKL - Just Keep Livin' ; indeed
