2
Do you have to like this movie???

I rarely review movies but this one is the epitome of one that you are
supposed to "like" so everyone says they "like" it and the honest truth
is (I know I'm the exception)this is a terrible movie. Starting with
the most glaring problem, it's boring beyond tears with stilted and
rambling dialogue which, if it weren't so boring would be laughable.
Acting: it's obvious that Daniel Day-Lewis had no interest in doing
this role. His squeaky voice and mannerisms made me think of high
school plays I attended when my kids were in school. Sally Field looks
and acts like an old and wrinkled Gidget and overacts in her highlight
scenes. But, the winner of the most horrible acting in the film goes to
Tommy Lee Jones as a Pennsylvania Senator who is nothing more or less
than a caricature of Tommy Lee Jones. Historically it's semi-accurate
and many people will be surprised to learn that "Honest Abe" was
anything but. His obsession with getting his way in passing the
thirteenth amendment led to his violation of the Constitution, breaking
of federal laws and bribing of members of Congress. Hmm, a lot like
today though. The saving grace of the film and the only reason I would
give it two stars is the outstanding costumes and relative lack of
special effects that are usually so obvious and glaring in today's
pathetic movies which are designed to make money from our sinking IQs
in this country. I wonder if anyone will even try again to make a movie
that provokes thought and discussion. Sorry Spielburg, but this is a
turkey that arrived just in time for Thanksgiving.
