8
A film that can be as good as you want it to be

I haven't read the Twilight books or this one. I'm over forty after
all. I have seen the Twilight movies, though. As for Andrew Niccol -
Gattaca is one of the most beautiful movies I have ever seen. And The
Host rates way, way higher than those Twilights in my mind. There's
none of the teenie-weenie chit-chat and bickering that really repulsed
me in Twilight. And my question of why would a centuries old vampire
prefer teenage girls was not answered there. This movie is different,
it has none of the hole-filling that Twilight is filled with. Yes, the
guys of the Love Triangle are pretty one-sided, but in a world with no
education system intact one cannot expect everyone to be as well-read
as Ethan is in Beautiful Creatures. I delayed watching The Host for a
few weeks, as I was gathering my strength to suffer through yet another
Twilight, but there was no such suffering - instead it was a very
well-balanced film, that used minimalist - and Gattaca-like - visuals
to describe a new world where body snatching has become mainstream. And
it got me thinking: how old was Paul Atreides when he became The
Emperor? OK, slightly older. But his son, Leto, when he took on The
Golden Path? About the same age as our characters here. Oh, and what
about Alexander The Great - how old was he when he had already taken
most of the - then - known land as his real estate? Invasion of the
Body Snatchers might be a benchmark to judge other similarly-themed
movies by, but The Host rates quite high on my scale there. As for the
casting, Saoirse Ronan was wonderfully present in my opinion and
William Hurt is simply one of my favourite actors. Overall, The Host is
about the "little things" like relationships and, as such, it is a film
about us all.
