2
Well acted and filmed but

I was looking forward to this film being a definitive story of the
Kray's, what we get instead is a well acted, scripted and filmed movie,
nothing more nothing less.This film tries to portray a pair of vicious
and bullying thugs as some sort of misunderstood deep characters.
Nipper Read is shown as the archetypal copper , a sort of joke figure,
which he certainly wasn't, he brought down the Kray's with his dogged
determination to get them put away and pay for their crimes. We hear
nothing of their gang of accomplices , nothing of their attempts to get
others to take the fall for their crimes when they were caught. Jack
"the hat" McVitie is shown as a figure who was scared of the Krays ,
which he was not and is why he incurred their wrath. When Reggie killed
Jack all the guests had been sent away and the only people present were
gang members , why do film makers feel the need to go against the true
nature of what actually happened ? The film as a vehicle for Tom Hardy
to shine is brilliant , he takes both parts and runs with them so that
you believe they are totally different people. However that is all the
film is a Tom Hardy acting class.The whole film is dull and annoying,
we are talking about two of the most "iconic" of London's underworld
and we see nothing of real interest only some broken love story.There
is no background to this story it just rumbles along and expects
everyone to join in on the ride. If film makers are going to produce
true stories then please stick to the reality of the events ,not what
you wanted to have happened or how you wanted it to happen
