10
Instant cult classic

When my friends and I went to the cinema just a few days ago, we didn't
know what to expect. I, at least, had heard about Pynchon and knew what
kind of an author he was, while my friends, on the other hand, had
absolutely no way of knowing what they were getting themselves into.
The movie started playing, and for a little while we weren't quite sure
what to think. It took some time for us to get into the atmosphere and
understand what we were actually dealing with here. Once we got it, we
just started laughing. We fell silent. We laughed. And we kept on
laughing throughout the film. And when I left the cinema and walked out
on the street and took the train home and went to bed, I kept laughing
to my self in the darkness. What was I laughing at? I'm not sure, but
God damn was it funny. The plot, the dialogue, the acting, the music,
the endless amount of new characters, everything about this movie makes
a lasting impression. It is a movie in which every scene is memorable.
And a movie you can keep on quoting again and again and again for ages
with your friends, and still laugh about it. Rather elegantly it avoids
jokes of poor taste, and focuses instead on a kind of black humor that
will remind you of another time and another place, probably long before
you were born. It's not for everyone, I'll admit that. Some people may
not like it, and that's OK. But I reckon that this movie will be
watched for years by a small but dedicated following. I won't be
telling anything about the plot. You'll have to experience that for
yourself. So all in all. The humor, the wit, the elegance, in my
opinion this movie is an instant cult classic.
