8
Count me among those who thought the movie was surprisingly good

After reading reviews that either disliked or were indifferent to Hotel
Transylvania and being dubious because Adam Sandler(who has been in a
lot of really bad movies recently) was in the lead role, I was unsure
of whether to see the film. But my love for animation and the
appetising trailer over-rode my doubts and I saw it anyway. And you
know what, while The Pirates and ParaNorman were better animated movies
from this year in my opinion I found Hotel Transylvania much better
than expected. More could have been done with the relationship between
Jonathan and Mavis, it is a romantic angle that has been used many
times before and as well as feeling somewhat under-baked very little
new was done with it. While a vast majority of the film is fast-paced
with no real dull spots, some parts of the film did feel rushed. On the
other point of view, the animation is excellent, the backgrounds are
both beautiful and Gothic and that is the same with the colours. The
characters are well-modelled. The soundtrack is catchy and upbeat,
though some of the songs could have been more than just snippets. The
writing is zany and often witty with a surprising amount of heart also.The story is predictable, but not dull. It has a number of great
moments, the genre references are not as inspired as they were in
ParaNorman but they are fun to spot, and I loved a lot of the
slapstick-in-style gags. Especially the zombie Beethoven, the scream
cheese Hors-D'Oeuvres, the shrunken heads do not disturb tags and the
digs at Twilight(much more fulfilling than any of the movies combined).
But it does have a lot of heart. Is the over-protective father idea
clich√©d? Of course. But I did find it genuinely touching instead of
overly-exaggerated as I have seen described. Dracula's past is also
shown in a darkly emotional way. The characters are not the most
memorable I have ever seen, but they do have their likability, my
favourite here was Dracula. And the voice acting was surprisingly
great, to me from a non-fan who has liked him in some movies(Punch
Drunk Love, Reign Over Me, Spanglish and Happy Gilmore) and hated him
in others(Jack and Jill, Going Overboard, Zookeeper and Mr Deeds) Adam
Sandler gives one of his better performances of late in the role of
Dracula, he is actually funny as well as emotive in alternative to
irritating. Selena Gomez is endearing as daughter Mavis and Adam
Samberg brings some heroism to Jonathan. Kevin James, David Spade, Jon
Lovitz, Fran Drescher and especially Steve Buscemi give solid support.
In conclusion, surprisingly good. 8/10 Bethany Cox
