1
Kingsman: The Secret Service

KINGSMAN is yet another comic book mess, this time about a South London
petty criminal who is given the chance to join a private intelligence
agency only to find himself fighting against both class prejudice and a
mad dotcom genius with an aversion to blood who wants to murder most of
the population to save the world from global warming. It's amusing to
see a film be disrespectful about Obama and AGW but the film is morally
repulsive and stupid. It wants to be a silly but fun globe-trotting
adventure like old James Bond films but those films had wit, exotic
travel, high living and great stunts whilst this film is crude, stuffed
with fake-looking CGI, charmless and has stupid jeopardy-free action
scenes; I lost count of just how many times the bad guy's goons had the
hero in their sights but missed him. The promised chav to gentleman
transformation never occurs - apparently being comfortable with who you
are is what makes a gentleman - with the hero starting as a lout and
ending up as a lout in a bespoke suit. What really sinks the film
though is its lack of a moral compass. I could complain about the
crudity of having a Swedish princess offer anal sex to the hero but the
real culprit is the way the film mixes comic book sensibilities with
hyper-realistic violence. People are tortured and cut in half without a
qualm. Worst of all is a sequence in the middle where a (hate) church
full of people are driven mad and kill each other in an orgy of
improvised and graphic violence which is shot like an action scene as
if it is entertainment and goes on forever. If you want to see Colin
Firth brutally and repeatedly stabbing a woman in the stomach then this
is the film for you.
