2
Vulgarity isn't comedy

So this is the animated movie that came out of nowhere and got a bunch
of people of talking all because of it's trailer. Let me tell you right
now, the red-band trailer for this movie is funnier than the movie
itself. And the whole reason the trailer made me laugh was because at
first it looks like a regular animated movie, then the swearing and sex
jokes happen. Speaking of which, this movie is nothing but swearing and
sex jokes, oh and stereotypes. Because writing personalities for
animated characters is so difficult, almost every character is just a
walking stereotype. The bagel's Jewish, the lavash is Muslim, the
sauerkraut is a Nazi, are you laughing yet?!? That is the extent of
this movies "humor", it is literally just that. So if you think
swearing and sex jokes is the pinnacle of comedy, then this'll be the
funniest movie you've ever seen. However, if you're above the age of
14, then this movie will just exist, exist and not be funny in the
slightest. This movie only made me chuckle twice, I laughed more during
"The Theory of Everything", and I'm pretty sure that movie wasn't a
freakin' comedy!!! This is without a doubt the worst animated movie
I've seen, and it's a shame that actors like Edward Norton had to be in
it. I can't wait for the eventual sequel where all the food comes to
the real world and interacts with their voice actors, won't that be
hilarious?! Does anybody else think that the makers of this movie paid
off top critics to give this positive reviews? Because I honestly can't
understand why anyone who's old enough to see an R-rated movie would
find this funny at all.
