10
Great  3D movie

This film combines the stories taken from king Kong and The lost
world,25 version.Bryce Dallas Howard Plays a Bitchy corporate executive
,who can't get with her nephews on Christmas holidays ,played by TY
Simpkins and Nick Robinson, that her sister has sent them for
visit,played by Judy Greer.Bryce works for a huge corporate amusement
park that focuses on dinosaurs.Bryce can't make time for her nephews,so
they wonder on their own.She a a troubled working and personal
relationships with a dinosaur trainer and activist play by new movie
star Chris Prat.Though owner and designer of the a park Irrfan Kahn
,who is more concerned about people having fun than how much profit has
increased.Chris has a problem working relationship with Vincent.Vincent
believes that the dinosaurs should focus on killing each other ,but,
Chris believes they should be trained for peace.Well, there is one
dinosaur that was create artificially ,for a new part of the park ,to
be open soon.I call him T.Rex Kong. A problem arises he not following
instructions and eats another dinosaur .All hell breaks loose when he
jumps the wall and terrorizes the customers the customer of the park
making a nice meal out of some of the worker and security guards .The
dinosaurs were so realistic and were digitally created . Earlier
Jurissic Park had used some puppets .The movie is made in style of an
amusement park .It seems that the character development is shorter for
the sake of the action.In some out takes that was shown ,flat,
indicated that may be some of the shots should have been kept of the
character development.It was not even.Did you see the little old
fashion camera that the smaller nephew was carrying?could indicate
Hollywood dislike towards home digital cameras?Chis originally did a
you tube joke about him getting a job in Spielberg's next Jurassic
movie .I think it was you tube.His dreams came true. Another problem
was that the characters and the whole atmosphere of the movies and sets
were cold and stoic.Even the kissing scene was cold and the family
reunion scene,which Claire's sisters husband was played by Andy
Buckley, was also not warm..E.T ,Poltergeists and Star Wars was far
more Warmer.What's the problem?I am afraid it's a real world currently
problems in general.Hollywood has always pretentiously serve the
establishment ,for profit,then claims they serve the masses.This movie
reflects our phony liberal side of big business and the wealthy running
our government and exploiting the animal rights and environmentalist
,who are desperate for a quick answer to protect animals and the
environment as well a s fanatics and those who have a contempt against
the human race ,due to constant warmongering ,for profit and political
power.This reflects pitting animals and the environment against humans
,very subtle, in this film,but,this is an outer problem.In spite of
this it is an excellence film,Gorgeous sets and realistic dinosaurs
,Bryce in her 1970's hair do,which has become popular again and
handsome leading man Chris Pratt.I was certainly satisfied with this
movie.Both 3D and flat were good. The sound was arousing and excellent
.No out of synchronizing problems here,since both images are in a
folder stabled .Great for Dino fans and 3D fans. 10/21/15
