4
Decent thriller with too many plot holes

I would certainly classify this as more of a thriller than a horror
film. Horror films can get away with stretching the imagination more
than most films and since this was more of a thriller, in my opinion,
there were too many such "stretches". Some plot elements were
adequately covered early in the film. For instance, Rocky wants the
money so she can escape to the west coast...check. The antagonist can
drag a person down the middle of the street because it was established
via GoPro camera that there is no traffic in that neighborhood...check.
He keeps the girl in the cellar to give birth to a new
daughter...check. But the bad points outweigh the good...1 - Why is it
assumed that the guy has a huge amount of cash in his house just
because he got a settlement for his daughter's death? Oh, he's weird so
he doesn't have a bank account? The cash in his home should have been
based on a better premise. 2 - The guy is in the same room with two of
the kids that break into his home and even passes by them in the hall,
but can't smell them. However, he walks into the kitchen and discovers
they're there by smelling their shoes...ridiculous. 3 - In most of the
film the guy is feeling the walls and stumbling around the house as a
blind person would normally have to, but he appears out of nowhere
fairly quickly to corner the thieves...whatever. 4 - The guy has a
person trapped in his basement, yet he has an alarm to trigger the
police in case of a break-in...good Lord. 5 - Despite the lack of
sterilization and proper obgyn attention, he impregnates this girl with
a basting syringe and sperm he keeps in a basement fridge...come on. I
could name more, but I'll stop there. Yeah...yeah...yeah, it wouldn't
be a thriller without those elements, you say? Nonsense. These are
implausible twisting of facts, yet most accept this as good, if not
great, filmmaking. Please.
