10
An excellent adaptation

Every true fan of the original Sleeping Beauty (1959) was skeptical
about this and how much it had to deviate from the actual movie, and as
more of the movie was revealed, it was only proving to be another
female empowerment, victimized villain kind of a movie. But I'm glad I
was wrong, for I'm sure only by watching the whole movie can we truly
appreciate and understand the very convincing back story and
development the character was subject to. Of course with very liberal
changes to the original plot, the key elements that you'd look for are
intact. Need I mention the perfect casting of Angelina Jolie,
Maleficent truly comes to life in full form by Angelina's stunning
skills and presence. A twist that's not clich√©, sentiments that are
deep, humor that's ever so natural and action that always keeps you at
the edge of your seat! Maleficent in this movie is not exactly as we
know of her from the few minutes we got to see her in the original
movie, but let me tell you she's every bit deliciously evil. It was
amusing to see Angelina play a role that requires a lot of nuances to
pull of this character with a lot of depth as opposed to the
one-dimensional character from the movie. Never letting off the grip,
she carried the movie on her shoulders. Nothing to take away from the
beauty of the rest of the movie which takes breath with excellent
direction and visual effects that will truly transport you to another
world, and the amazing work by all the 'supporting' actors. Yes, the
other characters weren't as fleshed out as Maleficent, but I see that
as good thing, given the title and theme. A spectacular balance. I'd
also like to bring light on the enchanting score, thanks to James
Newton Howard, this maestro is underrated.A comprehensive movie, there's a little something for audiences of all
ages, truly a masterpiece.
