8
"Heartrending and commendable Danish epic..."

Danish screenwriter and director Nikolaj Arcel's fourth feature film
which he co-wrote with Danish screenwriter Rasmus Heisterberg, is based
on the novel "Prinsesse af blodet" from 2000 by Danish author Bodil
Steensen-Leth and somewhat inspired by the novel "The Visit of the
Royal Physician" from 1999 by Swedish author Per Olov Enquist. It
premiered In competition at the 62nd Berlin International Film Festival
in 2012, was shot on locations in the Czech Republic and Germany and is
a Denmark-Sweden-Czech Republic-Germany co-production which was
produced by Danish producers Meta Louise Foldager, Louise Vesth and
Sisse Graum Jørgensen. It tells the story about Caroline Mathilde, a
young woman who leaves her family in Britain and marries her cousin
king Christian VII of Denmark. Though becoming aware that her husband
is mentally ill Caroline remains loyal to her partner, but when a
German doctor named Johann Friedrich Struensee is hired as the royal
physician to the monarch she is invigorated by his controversial views
and a new passion is awakened in her.Finely and engagingly directed by Danish filmmaker Nikolaj Arcel, this
finely tuned and somewhat fictional tale which is narrated by the main
character and mostly from her point of view, draws a mindful and
gripping portrayal of the relations between a king, a queen and a
German physician during the age of enlightenment in the late 18th
century. While notable for its naturalistic and atmospheric milieu
depictions, stellar cinematography by Danish cinematographer Rasmus
Videbæk, production design by Danish production designer Niels Sejer,
costume design by Danish costume designer Manon Rasmussen and use of
colors and light, this dialog-driven and narrative-driven story which
is inspired by real events and which is brilliantly narrated from
multiple viewpoints, examines themes like friendship, love, betrayal,
class distinctions and contradicting ideals, depicts three dense and
merging studies of character and contains a good and timely score by
Lebanese composer Gabriel Yared and French composer Cyrille Aufort.This political, historic, romantic, at times humorous and intriguing
period piece about the experiences of the young queen Caroline Mathilde
of Denmark and Norway who also was a member of the royal British family
and her passionate relationship with regent Johann Friedrich Struensee,
which was chosen as Denmark's submission to the Academy Award for Best
Foreign Language Film at the 85th Academy Awards in 2013, is impelled
and reinforced by its cogent narrative structure, quick-witted dialog,
emphatic and poignant acting performances by Swedish actress Alicia
Vikander, Danish actors Mads Mikkelsen and Mikkel Boe Følsgaard in his
debut feature film role and the fine supporting acting performances by
Danish actress Trine Dyrholm and Swedish actor David Dencik. A
heartrending and commendable Danish epic about social conflict and
royal intrigue which gained the Silver Bear for Best Actor Mikkel Boe
Følsgaard and Best Script Nikolaj Arcel and Rasmus Heisterberg at the
62nd Berlin Film Festival in 2012.
