10
Short movie, but simply amazing! Adds further depth and closure not given in the book.

Everyone is judging this movie based on its accuracy to the book, which
is understandable. I re-read the book 2 days ago, so it would be fresh
in my head before viewing the movie for the first time. I absolutely
love the book, and I had heard varying opinions about the movie (mostly
negative), but I wanted to watch it with an open mind and present my
own opinion. I must say: this movie is simply amazing. Firstly, the
acting is top-notch: Meryl Streep and Jeff Bridges were perfect of
course, but Brenton Thwaites and Odeya Rush also brought depth to their
characters. I loved seeing Taylor Swift make an appearance in the film,
and she gave life to a character who was only mentioned in the book.
Katie Holmes and Alexander Skarsg√•rd showed flawless acting in their
supporting roles as well. The movie excelled in more than just its
acting. There were so many powerful "chilling" moments, particularly
with the portrayal of the memories. The contrast of the sensory-rich
memories of the past with the colorless and boring Utopian community is
what brought real depth to the film. My favorite aspect was the slow
transition from black-and-white to vivid colors. My only true complaint
about the movie is that it was too short. I didn't want it to end. As
far as staying true to the book, there were minor changes, such as the
ages of the characters and the career assignments, but these made
sense. People must understand that when a book is adapted on screen,
there are certain things that must change for viewing continuity
purposes. I will say that, as always, the characterization was better
in the book, and I was able to form a connection with the characters
quicker with a written description. The movie jumped right into the
plot, which was good for the pacing of the story, but this meant it
took longer to really understand the characters. Having already read
the book, this was not a problem for me. The overall themes and
concepts (such as sameness, colors, emotion, and love), were portrayed
ingeniously throughout the movie. As much as I love the amazing use of
imagery in the book, being able to actually visualize the transition
from a dull community to a vivid, colorful world was breathtaking.
Also, without giving spoilers, the movie gives explanations to concepts
in the book, especially with the "memory boundary" that separates the
society from Elsewhere. The movie doesn't stray from the book, it just
provides more clarity. Finally, I loved the ending of the movie. It
gives more closure, and was even more satisfying than the book was. My
overall conclusion is that this movie serves as an excellent
counterpart to the book. The detailed characterization of the book and
the sensory stimulating scenes in the film complement each other nicely
to make one cohesive, stunning, and powerful story.
