9
Peyton's San Andreas leaves watchers breathless

Before watching Brad Peyton's "San Andreas" (2015), I expected to
witness all heck breaking loose in California and Nevada as the
earthquake ravaged the west coast. I did not however, expect a love
story in the mix of events. Now, I must say, if you're expecting a
chick flick, this isn't the movie you're looking for. Ray (Dwayne
Johnson) known for his roles in Fast and Furious 6 and 7 as well as
G.I. Joe, plays the role as a fire and rescue-chopper pilot divorced by
his ex wife Emma (Carla Gugino). The divorced couple travels across the
state of California in search of their daughter Blake (Alexandra
Daddario) after Emma's boyfriend Daniel Riddick (Ioan Gruffudd)
abandons her. Meanwhile, Blake tries to find her parents alongside two
British acquaintances Ben (Hugo Johnstone-Burt) and his brother Ollie
(Art Parkinson) that she met that day. At several parts of the film,
the action and realistic perspective leaves you breathless. The film
makers did an amazing job at bringing you into the action of the real
event of the earthquake that occurred. The film itself is best enjoyed
by those with an interest in intense dramatic action and those with a
love of movies based off of real events. Steven Rea; The Inquirer
states "San Andreas is awesome fun. Director Brad Peyton and his army
of visual effects and digital artists have created a temblor tableau of
wreckage in motion." Entertainment Weekly's Jeff Labreque claims that
"It seems familiar , lacks depth or perspective, and isn't based in
science." While this is in some ways true, Labreque misses the point.
If every movie was 100% accurate, the intended audience population as a
whole, would be a lot less.
