10
I didn't want it to be over

Given that three women in the Nebraska Territory all went raving mad at
the same time (maybe it was the Danish rye bread), this tale grabs us
immediately with its starkness, bitterness and coldness, not to mention
lack of compassion. Tommy Lee Jones as a drunken old reject is right on
the mark. Hillary Swank is no longer a sexy young gal, rather a bitter
lonely hard-working single woman trying to eke out a living in the
unforgiving wilderness. Every scene, every moment is captivating. You
may not even like what you're seeing, but you can't stop watching.
Somehow, even though I thought three mad women at one time seemed
contrived, I had to accept that it was just that way. Shortly after
getting organized, the film turns into a road picture, but what a road,
or lack thereof. Jones, Swank and the three locas have to traverse
empty countryside, facing drought, Indians, hunger, privation of every
kind, for at least five weeks to get to a place where a kindly
preacher's wife (Meryl Streep, as usually so immersed in this small
part that you just know she's really a long-suffering preacher's wife)
has promised to care for them. Developer James Spader too has only a
few brief moments to do his thing, but it's unforgettable. When my
granddaughter was small, we used to watch films together. Sometimes
when we watched a film she really really liked, (think Zoot Suit),
she'd burst out crying at the end. I'd ask, "Why are you crying, Baby
Girl?" and she'd say, "Because I didn't want it to be over." I felt
this way about The Homesman. I didn't want it to be over. I had lots
more questions and things I'd like to see resolved. What happened to
the hotel and town development? What happened to the man (William
Fichtner, always a pleasure) and his two little girls? What happened to
the crazy women and whatever happened to Briggs (Jones)? A sad cold
story, but one you just can't walk away from.
