2
Extremely poor, often incomprehensible and feebly characterised filmed version of an interesting true story.

Director Stephen Frears and star Bruce Willis seem to demonstrate an
uncanny gift for inconsistency. Frears' work ranges from the sublime
(Dangerous Liaisons, My Beautiful Launderette, The Grifters) to the
ridiculous (Accidental Hero, Mary Reilly). Likewise, Willis frequently
lurches from the terrific to the terrible  every Die Hard is cancelled
out by a Hudson Hawk; every Pulp Fiction spawns a Color Of Night. Given
the involvement of Frears and Willis, one would be right to anticipate
only two possible outcomes for Lay The Favorite  it's either going to
be very good or very bad. Sadly, in this case the film falls into the
very bad category. It can't just be chalked down as another dud in the
Bruce Willis canon either  a number of other good actors sink with
this ship, including Catherine Zeta-Jones, Joshua Jackson and Vince
Vaughn.Tallahassee lap-dancer Beth Raymer (Rebecca Hall) wants to change her
life so, with the blessing of her father (Corbin Bernsen), she heads
off to Las Vegas to seek work as a cocktail waitress. Her American
dream doesn't turn out quite the way she planned, and pretty soon Beth
finds herself desperate for whatever employment she can find (as long
as it doesn't involve getting naked). Enter professional gambler Dink
Heimowitz (Bruce Willis). Dink bets on anything and everything, placing
tens of thousands of dollars per day on various sporting outcomes. Such
is the extent of his gambling that he requires a team of lackeys to man
the phones in his office. After displaying an unexpected knack for
numbers, Beth is given the chance to work for Dink's organisation. She
is quickly seduced by this lifestyle of high risk and instant fortune.
The rest of the film traces Beth's adventure in the pro-gambling
profession. She falls in and out of love with Dink; has various run-ins
with Dink's savage-tongued wife Tulip (Catherine Zeta-Jones); falls for
a sensible and well-organised New York journalist named Jeremy (Joshua
Jackson); is fired and re-hired several times by Dink; and ultimately
ends up working for highly unscrupulous New York bookie Rosie (Vince
Vaughn), who puts her in charge of the Curacao limb of his illegal
gambling racket.From a quick scan of the plot synopsis, there's no obvious reason for
the film to fail. It has a strong cast, an eventful storyline, and is
set in the fascinating world of pro-gambling. The components are
certainly in place for a good movie, so where does it all go so
horribly wrong? The biggest drawback is the character of Beth,
presented in the script as a totally brainless bimbo. Every now and
then she displays a moment of sudden ingenuity which rings completely
untrue. The entire story is about Beth (she IS the story, in effect)
yet is by far the most irritating character in it. Having said that,
none of the actors really seem to be firing on all cylinders. Willis
seems jaded, Vaughn merely rehashes his loud and brash comedy routine
for the umpteenth time, and Jackson gets a boring role and looks bored
playing it. Zeta-Jones has slightly more to get her teeth into as the
sharp-tongued rich bitch Tulip (some viewers might get a kick out of
hearing her screech the C- word at her long suffering husband), but
later in the film her character mellows out somewhat and quickly loses
her appeal as a result. It seems ironic that Zeta-Jones chose this of
all films to return to screen acting after a three year hiatus can
this really be the best offer that came along? The incomprehensible
gambling jargon makes many scenes all but impossible to follow. Worse
still, the plot never builds to a dramatic conflict worth caring about.
Things just amble around meaninglessly for an hour and a half or so,
then the film ends. Overall, Lay The Favorite is a waste of time and
talent. The book upon which it is based (Lay The Favorite: A Memoir of
Gambling) by the real Beth Raymer is reportedly a rather fascinating
read. If that's the case, put your chips on the book because the film
is an utter donkey.
