10
A deliciously wry slice of cinematic paranoia served with a side of cathartic humor

I was totally blown away by "Get Out". This is one of the best turns by
an actor behind the camera I have ever seen (Jordan Peele). Probably
the timely social commentary is going to loom heavily when discussing
the film; however this shouldn't conceal the fact that this is a
masterclass cinematic work that has been thought out to the very last
detail; it knows what it wants to say and how to say it, balancing
wildly contrasting tones and defeating potential clich√©s with stylistic
bravura. Of course everything stems from a rock solid script, where the
plot points are cunningly engineered, and then fleshed out in a
disciplined and take no prisoners kind of way. There is much to admire
and enjoy here, including some surreal imagery that is as stunning as
it is disturbing, always serving a purpose within the narrative; there
are also brilliant soundtrack choices and you get subtle nods at the
masters that came before (Kubrick and Wes Craven, specially). The plot
involves one of those frequently visited "fish out of the water" type
of settings where it's up to the director to make the most out of it.
Which fortunately is the case here, since you get plenty of real
character development and a tight, innuendo ridden dialogue that really
gets under your skin. All this, together with the inspired camera work,
contributes to the success of this tricky enterprise as a whole. Kudos
to all the actors for going all the way with the provocative premise,
considering that it could have totally backfired in less confident
hands. Everything amounts to a deliciously wry slice of cinematic
paranoia served with a side of cathartic humor that appropriately
reflects the political times we are living in. And make no mistake,
this is a true horror film that refuses to pull any punches; if you
thought that Peele was just going for the laughs and the cheap scares
you will get more than you bargained for. "Get out" will shock you
silly and will make you think. Then you will want to watch it again and
try to figure out how he pulled the trick.
