2
Bad Movie.

Bad Moms (2016): Dir: Jon Lucas, Scott Moore / Cast: Mila Kunis,
Kristen Bell, Kathryn Hahn, Christina Applegate, Jada Pinkett Smith:
Bad movie plainly with a gripe about the tiresome schedule of
motherhood. Mila Kunis as Amy Mitchell is the one passable character in
this garbage. She caught her husband engaging in Internet sex so she
kicks him out and discovers her schedule getting tighter. She makes
friends with Kiki, played by Kristen Bell who is meant to be quirky and
funny but just comes off as plain annoying. Kathryn Hahn as Carla
advocate the need for sex within nearly every word that emerges from
her mouth and it grows old quick. Christina Applegate and Jada Pinkett
Smith are a total waste as antagonist school board bullies intent on
pushing their agenda to the point of even stashing marijuana in the
locker of Amy's daughter. The premise is rushed and the structure is
predictable and boring. This is bad in more ways than one with two
directors committing to a choppy and uninspiring job with production
values straight out of the worst of direct-to- video bargain bid deals.
Sure, it has a worthwhile message of the stress of motherhood,
especially those balancing a job as well but the results here are
embarrassing. The film concludes with the actresses sitting with their
mothers discussing their upbringings. That is better than anything that
appears in the film. This is clearly a film aimed at mothers and for
them I say, good luck. This film is lackluster with no sign of an
existing screenwriter. Perhaps the mothers could have gathered and
wrote something that wasn't this bad. Score: 2 Â½ / 10
