1
Clearly watched a different movie to everybody else...

Yeah so ill receive many glares at this review but i can only be honest
with my opinion here. Having watched this movie and upon ending seeing
hundreds of people around me applaud it left me in total bemusement!
Perhaps i was over expecting for this movie but besides the really well
made CGI, i was left in utter disappointment. I mean, how can we as
movie lovers and somewhat "part time critics" actually completely
ignore that this movie was not well made?? I get that we're lovers of
Warcraft and its massive franchise as well as having been so attached
to its characters for so many years just as i have been, but to say
that the movie was brilliant is absolutely misguided to the fact that
the acting was one of the worst i have ever seen in any movie ever
made. Not only that but there was little to no thought at all put
behind fight scenes. Did we all watch the same movie or am i missing
something here? Surely fight choreography could have been taken
seriously? Having spent loads of money on CGI why not add a little
diversity to a battle? Whoever swung a sword first would defeat his
opponent...zero blocking, zero shields used...why did any of them have
shields anyway?? Scenes were rushed in and rushed out, the rookie Madge
was so badly played by someone who can barely act. Please re-watch the
movie and look at his facial expressions or even his acting skills for
goodness sake! This disappoints me because it was like "okay we're
going into this movie and we're just going to love it because its
Warcraft and we've been waiting for this all our lives". Give me a
break! The potential this movie had for so much more is crazy and yet
we all turn a blind eye to what matters most about a movie spectacle
all because we're thinking emotionally. Sorry but i enjoy watching a
well made movie and this movie was far from well made. #notsorry
