10
Smells Like Teen Spirit

I was lucky enough to see The Spectacular Now at an advance screening,
and walking out, I had the unmistakable feeling that I can only
describe as a "good movie buzz." You feel a little light on your feet.
You're thinking not only about what you've just seen, but how it
relates to you. It's a heartfelt story that distills all of the beauty,
tenderness, and apocalyptic bleakness of youth into a 95 minute love
story that portrays teenagers in the most honest way since the films of
John Hughes. The Spectacular Now won Sundance's special jury prize for
acting and within minutes, the reason for this becomes apparent.
Beautiful, naturalistic performances all around. Miles Teller portrays
Sutter Keely with charisma and an effervescent charm while Shailene
Woodley imbues Aimee Finicky with a tender shyness that makes her
character incredibly endearing. When you watch the two of them on
screen together, their chemistry is not just apparent, it's
intoxicating. And it's not just a movie held together by its
performances. Scott Neustadter and Michael Weber have written an
incredible screenplay with flawed yet likable characters you can't help
but root for, and James Ponsoldt has delicately directed the script to
make his best movie to date. The Spectacular Now is much more than
another indie darling. It has breathed life into the "teen movie" genre
by treating its characters with maturity and honesty. This is the
coming of age movie of our time.
