8
A Refreshing Contemporary Return to Light but Substantive Family Fare

Immediately the female audience is presented with a light comedy drama
from the very start. In the vein of the light and breezy You Got Mail
(1998) or Sabrina (1954), Reese Witherspoon headlines this after coming
of age entertainment vehicle that delights, feels good, and at the same
time offers up some real reflective emotional moments. Home Again
depicts the real life dilemma facing many older women whose flaky,
immature husbands are trying to find some balance between work and
family, sometimes quite poorly. Today's women are faced with more
options but also more difficult choices while maintaining important
responsibilities. While the movie avoids the most difficult of answers
or ultimate responses by the end of the movie, it doesn't have to, it
has offered up enough important questions and possible consequences to
let the audience members make up their mind as what direction the movie
may take. With a great romantic musical sound track that scores with
the various moments in the various movie scenes along with decent
acting, it is the sensitive script with a nice sense of embarrassing
humor that allows the difficult relational awkwardness in the present
to be absorbed with sparkling appeal by the audience. A great movie for
its more narrower target audience who have the wisdom and older
experience to appreciate the important elements of responsible
happiness.
