9
Well Cooked Entertainment.

Burnt (2015): Dir: John Wells / Cast: Bradley Cooper, Sienna Miller,
Daniel Bruhl, Omar Sy, Matthew Rhys: John Wells presents a realistic
view of the hectic work in a kitchen as well as a professional so good
at his job that all he can do is sink in despair in hopes of regaining
success again. Bradley Cooper plays chef Adam Jones who walked out on a
job in a restaurant in Paris thus creating enemies out of former
co-workers and employers whose business suffered as a result. He owes
money to heavies and struggles with drugs. Now he desires to return to
the restaurant business but his dominating personality and his forceful
desire to succeed creates divisions with everyone. Cooper plays off the
anxiety of someone aiming to be the best yet struggling to erase
mistakes. Sienna Miller plays single mother Helene, an accomplished
chef in her own right who is reluctantly enlisted by Jones. Conflict
follows allowing these two actors a better platform than what American
Sniper gave them. Daniel Bruhl plays the homosexual manager of the
restaurant that employs Jones. He is frustrated with Jones and his
fitful antics but comes to terms with the fact that it comes with
dealing with the best in the business. There is great supporting roles
that form the core people whom Jones had screwed earlier in Paris. One
ends up getting revenge at a pivotal moment, while another ends up
demonstrating surprise grace when Jones attempts to suffocate himself
inside his restaurant. This is a film about second chances and giving
chances to those around us that can prevent us from burning ourselves
out and further assisting us in our goals. Score: 9 / 10
