8
Higgins and Banks are again amazing as the announcers. Not as good as the original, but not a significant drop off either.

"Let's get out there and ac the world" The Bellas, led by Becca
(Kendrick) are on top of the acapella world. Having won three national
championships in a row they are invited to sing for the President.
After Fat Amy (Wilson) does something that embarrasses them, they are
not only kicked off their tour, but also in danger of being forced to
disband. Their only hope to remain a group is to win a world
championship. I have to say that like most everyone the first movie
took me by surprise. The movie seemed to come out of nowhere and
combine hilarious comedy with a movie that is flat out fun to watch.
That reasoning both helped and hurt this movie. The sequel could not
sneak up on anyone and the expectations were higher for this one, for
me anyway. That said I have to say that even though this wasn't as good
as the first one this one was still very very funny and another really
fun movie to watch. Higgins and Banks are amazing as the announcers and
the movie is almost worth watching just for them. Since this is a
sequel there isn't a whole lot to say to convince you to watch or not
watch but I will say that if you haven't seen the first one I would
check it out before this one. You may be surprised like I was. These
movies are very funny and knowing that a lot of it is improved makes it
that much funnier. Overall, not as good as the original, but not a
significant drop off either. I recommend this. I give it a B+.
