8
First Comes Love, Then Comes Marriage, Then It Is All Erased

"I vow to help you love life, to always hold you with tenderness, and
to have the patience that love demands," these are the vows promptly
forgotten by a new bride following a tragic car accident. The Vow is
everything you would expect from a typical Hollywood romance: eye-
candy actors, devastating amnesia, and the art of rediscovering love.
Like all sappy love stories, the couple finds themselves in love at
first-sight. As expected, it is not long before they have an adorable,
spur-of-the-moment wedding in an art gallery. When a devastating car
accident leaves star actress, Rachel McAdams, with no memory of her
husband, the story begins to unfold in an overtly obvious way. By this
time, we all know the rest of the film is going to feature the sculpted
Channing Tatum winning his oblivious wife's love all-over again. This
film although falling nowhere short of typicalwill undoubtedly tug at
a few of your heart strings. With confidence, I can advise all my
fellow ladies to grab some tissues to accompany the many tear jerking
moments scattered throughout the plot. The story of The Vow seems
exceptionally more poignant when it is presented as the sincere,
true-story it is based off. In the light of modern cinema having a
trend towards violence and negativity, I appreciate the value of a
heart-warming sappy love story on occasion; it is the perfect film to
be accompanied by a rainy day, a cozy blanket, and a steamy cup of
coffee.
