1
Is "hipstery" a word

I hope "hipstery" is a word because that would be the perfect adjective
to describe this film. I will say that the cinematography, acting, and
the overall look of the film were nice, but that doesn't make it worth
watching. Now I'm not going to pull out that stupid argument that the
audience is made up of pedophiles because I know some decent people who
like this film. First of all, this film does not take place in any sort
of reality that is relatable because the people take several things way
more seriously than any sane person would in real life, all of the
characters do and say things that no human being does or says (no they
are not just being quirky), and apparently shock therapy is considered
acceptable in this world. Also, this film isn't funny. Wes Anderson was
clearly going for that awkward sort of humor, but it doesn't work
because that sort of humor has to be relatable and this film takes
place on some other planet. A great example of this kind of humor
working is in the series "Chobits". Yes, Wes Anderson could not making
a film as relatable as a show about a horny college kid who finds a
sexy humanoid computer on the side of the road. The characters are
boring. Seriously name one character with more than one personality
trait. The whole thing just felt like a test to see if anyone would be
brave enough to stand up to the majority and call this thing out for
the pretentious waste of time that it is.
