1
Disturbing and Bad

I was really looking forward to this film. I thought (from the cleverly
constructed trailer) that it was about a father who raised his children
to be exceptionally fit and able to fend for themselves in the
wilderness, suddenly forced to bring them into the civilised world--and
the chaos that juxtaposition would naturally bring. That would have
been a good film. What the trailer failed (deliberately, probably) to
show was that he also taught them they were so vastly superior to the
ordinary plebs in the world that they had the moral right to lie to,
steal from, and cheat them whenever it furthered their own selfish
needs. He was a modern day Fagan. So, stealing, lying, cheating. Added
to that, he feels it appropriate to sexualise his children, giving an
eight-year-old girl the book "The Joys of Sex" as a present and walking
around naked in front of all his children--his teenage girls included.
I'm actually speechless about how disturbing I found this movie. But,
when his totally crackpot parenting failed, he fortunately had multi-
millionaire in-laws to bail him out: paying for the medical treatment
his daughter needed, sending his freakish son to college, and buying
him a cute little "let's play at farming" cottage. Thank God for the
capitalist system when it suits you, hey? I'm not even sure what this
movie was supposed to leave you thinking. I almost gave up when the
children flushed the ashes of their mother down a random toilet
somewhere and cheered. I feel polluted having watched this total car
crash and wish I could un-see it. I don't often have such violent
reactions to movies, but this has annoyed the hell out of me.
