1
The god-awful third part of a good trilogy.

After seeing and liking the first and the second part of this trilogy,
the third came off as a disappointment. There are only a few things
that actually work in this movie - Hathaway an Levitt gave very nice
performances, and were convincing despite of the ludicrously cliché
lines they were given. Before seeing the movie, I presumed that (based
on the reviews I had read) they had only minor roles, but the two of
them guide the plot. Also some action sequences were well executed. But
only a minority of them. The majority was illogical and confusing. In
comparison with the second movie which I found to be, in its core (
even with the occasional shabby lines), an intelligent and elegant
movie, this one lacks action. Of course that a movie shouldn't be
judged by the amount of action, but in lack of it there must be a good
storyline. This movie has none. Its plot is full of gaps, frustratingly
illogical. One of the things that induced from me a great snore was the
jail and childwhoescaped subplot. The idea of the jail is absurd. Whose
prison is it, why are there no guards? Oh, I know it's inescapable...
but please. Its location is outside of some ancient city walls, but
very near it, and a modern complex is build only yards away (you can
see it on the edge of the screen when Bruce escapes  but I will get to
that). Bane (the Big Bad of the movie) escorted Bruce to the Asian jail
himself, made all that way just to tell Bruce that he will torture his
soul, and went back to Gotham, in the US, in the matter of hours. Why
making that journey? It's impractical as hell. Furthermore, the man in
prison, who are paid by Bane to keep Bruce alive (the man actually
uttered the line  I'm paid more to keep you alive, when Bruce asked
for death), are helping him fix his dislocated spine (no, it's not
broken) and escape. Why? After a few tries, Bruce manages to climb the
well and emerges on the surface. He throws some big, fat rope back in
the pit. Where did that rope come from? Was it left outside just in
case someone climbed to freedom so he can free all the other prisoners?
Bruce himself had no rope  that was the whole point. Is the prisoners
safety rope actually tied at the surface? If so, why no one climbed the
rope itself? Hell, my brother with whom I watched the movie actually
thought that he threw down the safety rope to make sure nobody else
would escape. Then Bruce, with no money, no passport and no knowledge
of the native language returns in the terrorist occupied and military
guarded Gotham. He also, at the time, has no Batmobile, Batcopter or
any other Bat-based vehicle. How did he get into the city? Fortunately,
once in the city, he found his Bat-copter lying on the roof of a
middle-height building, a huge thing covered only with a nett, and
visible from air. With all the riots in the city, is it possible that
nobody had stumbled upon it? Also, once in the Bat-copter, he
encourages the not-long-ago buried police forces (who all have clean
clothes and are clean-shaved after being underground for months) to
attack the terrorists, but instead of helping them by shooting the
enemy from air superiority, he lands the Bat-copter and seeks Bane for
a fistfight. Is this not idiotic? The only action scene that was good
was the one after the stock-market attack when Batman made a dashing
escape. But, not even this scene can be compared with the ones from the
second movie which were thrilling, masterfully directed and longer.
They were also simpler, there was no atom bomb, there were just guns
and explosives, but it worked better, it was more realistic, and
darker. Unfortunately, what replaced action is load of parapsychology,
the endlessly recycled story of the orphan Bruce, with many annoying
flashbacks from previous films. You know the movie is not doing well
when there are flashbacks involved. What got on my nerves a lot was
also that all lectured Bruce, the man who sacrificed everything to help
Gotham and do good. Alfred was particularly pathetic. Bane is truly a
poorly done movie villain. The comic book character is said to have
some intelligence. This was not present here. The opening scene, the
delivery of the plan of doctor Pavel's abduction: Bane has executed a
pointlessly expensive and complicated operation where he sacrificed
unnecessarily three of his man, chopped up a plane and then used the
already seen skyhook (The Dark Knight), when he easily could have
attacked the plane on land. The romance between him and Coltirald's
character is also redundant. His and Cotillard's background story could
have been left unexplained. Even with it, both of them lack motivation.
The rest of the movie Bane makes impressive entries. Actually a lot of
the movie is about walking on the street, walking through the sewage,
etc. And entering rooms. The romance between Bruce and Cotillard
character was redundant and not probable (I accept this only if Bruce
wanted a quick shag after a long time of drought). The explosion,
beside the unnerving need of certain directors to explain in word what
we understood in picture (someone actually had said Explosion! after
we've have already seen the mushroom), was not realistic (no waves).
But, as a whole, the movie is sufferable, just don't expect anything
great. The thing I hated the most is that Batman is missing from this
film. Bruce was more out of the suit, than in it. Seems to me that
Nolan became a little bit too cocky with all the praise for the two
previous movies. It's a shame because the movie could have been a lot
better if he hadn't.
