1
In ALL that is holy....HOW DID THIS GET A 6.5?

I love action movies. I love romance films. What I don't love is
Rom/com, barely action movies that make horrible sex jokes over and
over again. I don't think it's a spoiler to say that there is a
character whose only purpose is to make the same sex jokes over and
over again. The action scenes are shot so close and edited so fast that
there is no flow to them or any suspense whatsoever. Reese (Where the
Heck Have I Been for Nearly a Decade) Witherspoon is set up as just a
prize for Tom Hardy and Chris Foster to fight over, nothing else. More
on the editing, it jumps around more than an epileptic deer. This movie
tries to make it funny for two guys using billions of dollars worth of
equipment to spy on each other and their love interest (creepy). McG,
fitting name for this low calorie garbage. By the way, if your not
convinced yet, McG directed Terminator Salvation, The Charlie's Angels
remakes, and We Are Marshall. Don't take anyone to see this unless you
want to insult their intelligence. I saw this idiotic movie, hated it,
came home, and discovered a video review (too late) bashing it like I
just have. If you still don't believe me after I have poured the hatred
this movie hath made out of my heart, got to this address. This movie
attempts to please the guys and the girls but fails horrendously in
both (Film Brain, look him up on Google). O great, now the score's a
6.6. Screw this. ONLY PEOPLE THAT BELIEVE THAT BUGGING THEIR
GIRLFRIEND'S IS OK WOULD LIKE THIS MOVIE.By the way, I'm nominating this piece of cinematic defecation for worst
picture of 2012. You listening Razzies.
