10
Dreamworks Animation expands your imagination, and captures your mind with this clever film for all ages

Dreamworks Animation has made many great films and some bad ones, some
have become popular franchises (Madagascar,Shrek). With their new film
Rise of the Guardians based on a book series by William Joyce. This
film introduces us to many characters we would believe in at a young
age Santa Claus, Tooth Fairy, The Easter Bunny and Sandman. The film
centers on these characters giving every character their deserved
screen time. The films center is based around the character of Jack
Frost who for 300 years has been wanting to be seen and believed in.
After being chosen as a Guardian by the man in the moon, at first he's
reluctant about it but as the film progresses he begins to see his
destiny more and more as he joins the existing Guardians to fight a new
evil named Pitch(The Boogeyman)who wants to strike fear into the
children of the world that way the children stop believing and the
Guardians will be nothing. I saw this film cause i got passes to see
it. At first i wasn't too sure but it was free. As i walked out, i
didn't regret my decision and appreciated what Dreamworks had done.
With the right humor needed for a film with some dark elements the film
was overall GREAT. Whoever thinks of seeing it , SHOULD they won't
regret it as it can help adults remember how in their childhood at one
point they believed in these characters. Another thing i should i that
when i went to the advanced screening of this film i got to see it in
3D, glad that i did, it makes the film feel more alive and reali hope
to go see it again but this time i'd like to see how it feels to
experience it in IMAX 3D. But yes 3D is a good choice for this film.
Dreamworks hasn't failed me with their use of 3D. Madagascar 3,Monsters
vs. Aliens, Kung Fu Panda 2 and Megamind are someof those film. In
other words go see this and remember whe you used to believe.
