1
First time I walked out of a movie in 20 years!

If I could rate this a zero, I would. Meanwhile I'll say this: if you
are a young parent with kids who can't get a sitter, don't even THINK
of bringing young children into this film! This is considered a
romantic COMEDY? Ridiculous! It's a raunchy comedy, but any respect for
the sanctity of marriage is completely thrown by the wayside here.
Scenes showing male depression, a professor hitting on a student,
people of Asian descent (as well as elderly parents) using the "f" word
on each other, black racial stereotypes, the state of Michigan
portrayed the worst it's ever been, frostbite injury seen as humorous
(it is not), someone getting shot with an arrow, children watching
their mother and aunt cursing right in front of them while imitating
childhood TV characters, a woman demeaning a man's sexuality, all of
this is just totally unfunny. I'm only 52 but as I watched this I felt
very sad that the audience in my theater just laughed at every
dysfunctional, pathetic joke. Is this what the idea of marriage has
fallen to amongst people in their 20s and 30s? I also found myself
wondering how long it would be until this excuse for a movie ended,
finally walking out - couldn't take any more. Has our society fallen
this far? I thank God that I am naive to this kind of trash! I will
never watch another movie starring Jason Segal, and that includes "How
I Met Your Mother" as well.
