1
Fooled Again

I haven't logged on to IMDb in years, but after WASTING over two hours
last night watching it and then being yelled at by people I watched it
with because I mentioned it as a "comedy" choice, I was willing to
reset my password so I could give it 1 lowly star. The whole thing felt
like either a grad, or maybe grade school project, I haven't decided
which. It was the same old story of someone used to being single,
getting hooked up and falling for someone and then after a bump in the
romantic road, getting back together. It felt like it was from 15 years
ago. Amy can't act. The rest of the cast was a bunch of SNL-ers, who
seem like they signed on because their show was on hiatus or sports
celebrities who lumbered through their scenes. WHY oh WHY would this
tired story be over 2 hours long? I sat there thinking of all the other
things I could be doing. The scene with Matthew Broderick and Chris
Everett. Why was that even there? Amy in a too short skirt in way too
many scenes to remind the audience her character is sexy, I guess. The
dialogue was like from an online screen writing class - University of
Phoenix, comes to mind. Hader was a WOODEN LUNK. The boss was nothing
else but shrill, like in a bad soap opera. All the sex jokes were the
same you hear on Bravo! or USA or any cheesy network with serial
reality shows. You'd feel so much better if you did yard work or went
to the gym or read something or even changed the filter on your air
conditioner than if you did none of those and watched this reminder of
just how bad the movies, specifically comedies, have become.
