4
If you've seen the trailer you've seen the movie

I've listed that this review contains spoilers, but I haven't included
anything that the trailer hasn't already given away.And the that's my main problem with "World War Z" The Trailer. If
you've seen the trailer you've seen the movie. It literally shows
everything that happens in the movie completely destroying any suspense
that might have been had. "World War Z" isn't a conventional movie with
a flowing plot line that builds to a dramatic conclusion. It's more
like a bunch of individual parts laid out in a not so very straight
line, and strung together loosely by a single character. I don't have
much of a problem with that, or the facts the Zombies aren't of the
undead kind, slow moving kind like they were in the source novel. But
rather the rabid, sprinting, quick turning kind like in "28 days later"
Brad Pit is good and takes the roll seriously. The CGi is top notch,
and the movie is well made. The problem I had is that I new exactly
what was going to happen, before it happened, because they showed it in
the stupid trailer. Literally, every single cool action shot that's in
the movie they showed in the trailer. Every single plot point. Even the
dialog scenes. I knew the jest of what was going to be said because
they showed the important parts in the trailer! I kept waiting for the
extended version but it never came. There's no suspense. (I know
there's Zombies on the plane and that Brad Pitt blows a hole in the
side sucking them all out, crashing the plane, because they show it in
the trailer!) That's just one example of a long list of scenes that you
totally know what's fixing to happen because, well... You've seen it
already. This is one movie I wish I could have gone in completely
blank. Not having read the book, not having seen the trailer, and I
think I would have enjoyed it a lot more.
