4
PC characters that it's hard to care about

From the trailers this looked like it would be an excellent remake of
John Sturges's version. It looks the part, the actors are fine but the
story kind of sucks. The build up to the climax is just OK - Chris
Pratt's character tries hard to be a man of humor but undermines what
should be growing tension in the movie as the suicidal battle
approaches. Ethan Hawke's character is way too angst driven. Robert
Vaughan played the character as outwardly cool and confident but was
battling demons inside. only near the end of the movie do you realize
just how frightened he has become at the loss of his skills. The new
movie has two-dimensional characters, other than Denzil W's part. The
build-up is bland and nearly every recruit is brought onboard via some
humorous dialogue or actions. The final battle is so over the top that
it becomes one big bore. The worst thing in the whole movie for me is
when Chris Pratt's character deliberately commits suicide so he can
take out the gatling gun - and it's done in a way that is even more
unbelievable than the attack on the town. Why did he and one or two
others not ride out the back of the town, round behind the trees which
were left and right of the gatling gun, come up from behind and shoot
the sh@t out of the a-holes? Chris Pratt's death is a complete joke and
is the nail in the coffin of a movie that tries to be an honorable
tribute to the original but ends up being a mess.
