8
Excellent action thriller!

"Parker" is a thriller made for the thrilling action movies fans and
specially, for Jason Statham's fans. It is an enjoyable thriller full
of action and violence. First, I must state that I did not read or know
the novel it is based upon, so my review does not compare the book with
the movie. "Parker" does not add anything really new, but it surely
entertains and has some solid script and plot as well as a nice
photography of Miami. Statham delivers a very good performance, but
nothing different of what he always does. Jennifer Lopez worked very
well in this movie, as well. The problem is that they work better when
separated than when together. This means that they are both good actors
who do a good job in "Parker", but they do not have any chemistry
together, unlike Brad Pitt and Angeline Jolie in "Mr. and Mrs. Smith",
for example. The action scenes are rather realistic and very violent
(specially one in which the protagonist is beated up by his own
colleagues and another in the balcony of a hotel). The director Taylor
Hackford has done a very good job because the movie amused movie during
its entire length. Although the end is quite predictable, the movie
contains some interesting twists. The cast is focused on both Jason and
Jlo. The other actors simply did a fine job. In conclusion, this is a
very recommendable movie, specially when you just feel like action,
entertainment, a nice city to watch and attractive people like Jason
Statham and Jlo. Do not expect anything very profound! 8
