1
waste of time...

Rented this movie over the weekend after Oscar nominations and reading
reviews, etc. I think the appeal of this movie begins and ends with the
fact that Linklater made a project of filming his daughter/actress for
12 years in what appears to be very self indulgent and opportunistic. I
can't understand how an actual documentary like Hoop Dreams gets
snubbed, not too mention Selma's director getting snubbed, but this
nearly 3 hour marathon receives nothing but accolades from the academy.
The novelty of watching the family physically grow for 12 years is
about as interesting as it sounds, you watch them 'physically grow'
that's it, that's the big wow factor of the film. I'd of preferred to
watch grass grow actually! The acting and scenes seem forced and I
couldn't figure out if he was trying to make us believe this was a
documentary? A documentary would have been soooo much more interesting
and entertaining. Mason, the son's character, never really evolves, the
clich√© single mom who makes bad choices when it comes to men, has been
done before- keep in mind this is NOT a documentary, this is a
movie/story- I couldn't help but think to myself while watching this
film that I know several families and individuals that have actual
interesting and compelling true life stories that make this film look
ridiculous. I mean, Mason gets called a slur in a bathroom? oooh.
Mason's first alcoholic step dad makes him cut his hair without even
asking? A commentary on the banality of life is what this movie amounts
to for me? Clearly I'm in the minority as most seemed to have enjoyed
the film. I don't see the originality, excellence in acting, directing,
etc. outside of using the same actors for 12 years- one of which, is
the directors daughter.
