5
What to Expect When You're Expecting (2012) - Not Expecting to Expect Anything Good in This!

You know what I expect? I expect better movies! "What to Expect When
You're Expecting" is once again another ensemble rom-com that's
basically just a bunch of short stories glued together in a full-length
motion picture. You know, with a cast like this, this movie would have
been better off with a title like "What to Expect When You're 'Selling
Out'". I wouldn't say that this movie was "god-awful", I suppose that
maybe a married couple might enjoy something here, but this is still an
unoriginal, predictable, and unmemorable piece of "nothing". Director
Kirk Jones has provided to give us a giant predictable "sell-out" that
does nothing but go with the usual clich√©s. In movies like this, we
usually get a bunch of individual stories packed in one movie, some
that we care about, and some that we don't care about. Each story talks
about a group of couples who are about to either have a baby, adopt a
baby, or deciding whether to have the baby or not. We've seen these
stories plenty of times before, so there's already a clue for the
audience to know what will happen next. There are some chuckle-inducing
moments, and I cared for a few story lines, but it's just a shame
because there are so many likable actors in this movie, so this might
be considered as a waste of talent. Cameron Diaz plays a weight loss
contestant on a reality show who's expecting a newborn with Matthew
Morrison, Jennifer Lopez takes the "Angelina Jolie" perspective to
adopt an African baby, Elizabeth Banks plays a pregnant woman with tons
of anxiety problems on the torture of pregnancy, and what do you know,
Chris Rock is actually the leader of a group of "baby daddies". These
story lines are probably careless, and mostly not funny, if you ask me!
The only two story lines I actually enjoyed involves Anna Kendrick as a
young woman who is expecting a baby after a certain one-night stand,
and Dennis Quaid as a NASCAR legend who's expecting a new baby with his
much younger, and ridiculously hot wife, played by Brooklyn Decker. I
actually need to score this movie some points for that! But either way,
I wasn't surprised! This movie is exactly what everyone thought it was
going to be, so I guess I can say I'm not really that upset with this
movie. But "What to Expect When You're Expecting" is not worth watching
in any way, but if you're the type of person who enjoys these type of
movies, my advice to you...wait for rental! I didn't expect that remark
to pop out of my mouth. "What to Expect When You're Expecting", in my
review, "predictable and mediocre, but overall unimpressive".
