2
I already forgot about it

Pure garbage. They set the movie in 2012, 39 years after the original.
The only character that aged was the Sheriff. The main character was a
baby in 1973 but is miraculously only about 22 or 23 in 2012 (which
they clearly display on a grave stone, 2012). Also in 2012 smart phones
can stream live HD video in real time over a call. I wonder how much
their data plan is? Which, by the way, brought the film from ridiculous
to absurd especially given that streaming the video served no purpose
in the story or the scene. A speaker phone would have sufficed and my
disbelief would not have been called back from suspension. So yeah,
those are just TWO of the myriad issues this movie has. This was worse
than the remake, by far. There isn't a film maker in the world who
could make a good sequel to the original, even Tobe Hooper couldn't do
it and HE directed the original. The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974) is
a perfect film, it needs no more exposition, but this is the era of the
retro cash grab. So everything cool from the 70's and 80's gets dragged
out and crapped on for the youth market and they think the winks and
nods to the source material will tickle us old fans nostalgia gland.
Well screw you Hollywood. It doesn't. It's lazy film making. What I
paid 10 bucks for was nothing more than a 1sr draft script chock full
of slasher clich√©s and inept story telling. You know what made the
original so brilliant? It wasn't about anything! It was simple, I dare
say even plausible. But this movie BEGAN in implausible territory and
only sank deeper into the abyss. Stay away if you have a brain. CGI
gore, 'nough said. The 3D was not even adding any degree of anything,
it was more distracting than anything, which is more the format, 3D
just sucks.
