5
Disappointing and dorky

I was pretty disappointed with this movie. My disappointment started
off with April needing to download some information from this scientist
but she has to follow this other guy to get close enough. Well, she
could have just followed behind him nonchalantly, but no, she has to
put on this skimpy school girl outfit while walking and pretend to be
part of this other group of cheerleaders or something. Well, her pants
seem to just magically disappear in one scene to the next. It was
pretty pointless and senseless, and it was just a scene to say, hey
look how hot she is.. groans. Which brings me to my next point of how
terrible Megan Fox's acting is. They just seem to throw her in there
for mostly eye candy and nothing else. Why do they keep putting her in
movies??? But it doesn't stop there. The entire movie was well, dorky
at best. The pace was a bit fast even though the movie was really long.
Also, how the hell did Donatello access an alien spaceship and get the
name of the leader?? That doesn't even make sense. The language would
be completely foreign and, well, too alien to even decipher if it were
even able to connect to it somehow. Also, there isn't enough rhino or
pig DNA in us to make a pig/man or rhino/man, it's just not possible.
Nothing in this movie makes sense. This movie is just too kiddy and
cartoony but even the original cartoon series made more sense then this
crap.I decided to give this 5 stars because it has good graphics and is
kinda funny sometimes. If all you are looking for is cheap thrills and
cool CGI action scenes, then you may enjoy this. But if you like a
movie with substance, look somewhere else.
