1
Message of this was...?

Just what exactly do you expect when you go to see a good Sci-fi movie?
Great visuals? Computer effects? Sure, they add a lot to a movie, but
they are not part of its' "soul". However, all that big studios do
these days is target the 90% of the population and sell crappy plot
wrapped in special effects and good reliable clich√©s (like the "hero
fighting the main villain at the end of the movie" scene). But hey, why
not? That's what makes money. Because 90% of the population - those
people who actually think this was a good movie, those who are
responsible for the tabloid press being the most popular media - those
will LOVE this movie. It's about them. About poor uneducated people who
overpopulated the Earth and practically destroyed it. They are willing
to overlook the laughable plot holes like the one where Foster talks to
the Carlyle character. She asks him if he can reboot the system of
Elysium and make her a president. And the answer? Of course I can! -
Really? Really?! Just like that? Well why didn't you do it earlier than
and make yourself a president instead of begging her for new contracts?
I agree with other reviews that talk about the weak plot, shallow
characters and poor acting. However, there is one more thing to point
out: What is the message of this movie? That we are all equal? Cuz the
way I see it, our hero makes everyone on the Earth a legal citizen of
Elysium, so that everyone can be cured and they can all thrive under
the sun, without any diseases and health problems, and continue to
overpopulate the Earth as before, making it even more miserable a place
to live. Lets make more cute children and don't think about the
consequences. Natural selection people!!!
