5
Gets more flack than it deserves, but definitely isn't great

When I had heard of a direct sequel to the original 1974 Texas chain
Saw massacre was to be released In 2013 I must say I was very pumped.
Although I did enjoy the 2003 remake and the prequel to that remake I
was glad they abandoned that series and decided to return to the
original series sort of.. Firstly timeline issues PLAGUE this film and
the actual storyline being fairly weak doesn't help. But I must say the
story was not horrible but still not good. The acting is mediocre to
below average and the characters are not all that likable but make
great eye candy, especially the female lead. And hey, trey songz is in
there for the ladies. The man who plays leatherface gives us a solid
performance, with some pretty good looking makeup also. I liked that
Gunner Hansen and Bill Mosley had cameos in the beginning of the film
as well. The death scenes and gore are pretty good although there was a
nice bit of CGI used which is yet again a let down. We're also
unfortunately treated to a very stupid camera phone segment which I
will not spoil, but I'm sure many rolled there eyes because of it. One
positive aspect when it comes to the death scenes is that they do
provide a good jump scare with a few seconds of tension before the
initial attack. All in all if you give this film a chance you might
like it but just don't go into it with really high expectations. Just
crack a beer and be entertained by the latest Texas chainsaw massacre
film.The verdict: 5/10 entertaining to an extent. I liked it just didn't
love it
