1
Feces on a wall calling itself art is still just feces.

Where to start? Watching Nymphomaniac, both volumes, is like going to
an art show where feces is displayed, and everyone is standing around
discussing the contours, layers, lighting, and you're standing quietly
thinking to yourself, " I must be missing something. This is art! Isn't
it?" Basically, the story of emperor's new clothes at its finest. I
will be bold enough to say that no, I'm not missing anything. It really
is just sh** I'm looking at. My final thought at the end of both
volumes was "wow, those are hours I'm never going to get back." And
it's not that the movie was all bad. Charlotte is wonderful, as are all
the other actors. The topic is interesting. I didn't mind the nudity
and I wasn't offended by any of it. There just isn't any point to it at
all! None. Just when you think there may be some point in the
friendship she develops with an asexual male, the story stuffs that
thought into the toilet in the most confusing unnecessary way. Or when
you think there is some point to her love story with Jerome, that is
trashed in a very stupid way too. And if the director thinks that he is
building up, just to let us down, well, he fails to build anything up
since the whole movie is so boring and monotone. There just no point.
And if the point of the movie is that there is no point, then why the
Hell am I stuck staring at the screen for so long? Anyways, I am
utterly disappointed. This is poop.Â 
