10
One hundred percent Enjoyable!

The sudden torrential showers had me thinking do I really have to go
for the movie, but thank god I did! One and half hours of laughter made
it worthwhile for braving the rain. From the word go, you start
laughing and till the movie ends (and it gets only better during
credits). There is no special intro to Gru this time but his 'Angel'
costume really sets the tone. Agnes is cuter than ever and watching her
run like the unicorn makes you smile (atmosphere gets better if you
have kids in your theater, I had quite a few and makes you laugh when
they imitate Agnes!). Margo is growing up and Edith is just the same.
Gru is also looking out for a date all through the film, not knowing he
has one right next to him, Lucy. She is the Agent from AVL (Anti
Villain League) and her first job is the way she brings in Gru.
(Lipstick taaaser!!!). And then there are the Minions. They actually
are the focus of this film. You get a load of them throughout the film
but you never notice. Every single one of their scenes make you laugh
so hard that at one point I couldn't stop!!!(Minion Fire Brigade!!) And
then there is El Macho and his son(and his chicken!) who give the
twists in the end. You wont miss out Dr.Nefario who seems to leave Gru
and plot the crime but helps save the world in the end. So the final
verdict: if you want to have 90 mins of real hard laughter, you can
close your eyes and go for it!
