10
The best Anna Karenina I have seen

First. What is a definition of the word "critical art review"? Review
is imposition of individual opinion through the press. During my long
life (I am 72) I have seen many performances on the stage and movies
"Anna Karenina." This film is the best. It has everything that should
be in the movie: fantasy, entertainment, teaching, and of course the
classic love story. For me, personally, it is not always important
"WHAT ABOUT", it is also important to me "HOW IT DONE." From my point
of view, movie is entertainment. Of course those critics who finds
fault with hairstyles or jewelry, they know better what they want from
the movies. They always want to hear a Russian accent and see plausible
buttons on the dress. But this is not a police report, this is feature
film. Visual aspects are amazingly talented. Acting work- to the point
of perfection. First time in my life I saw real Karenin, not half-dead
old man, but a loving decent husband. Keira Knightley is impeccable as
Anna. Ð¡rowd scenes are tasteful. Music is touching and talented.
Tolstoy's novel is very hard to adapt for a screen, it even difficult
to read, and the director was able to convey the main thing in this
beautiful and romantic movie. I agree with Berthold Brecht who said:
"When you entertain -teach, and when you teach- entertain"." There is
no doubt that this film is not for everyone, and those who like "Scream
2" or " Spiderman", they do not have to watch this movie. All critical
reviews are long and tedious, but the film is short, with exciting
feelings and has a good taste. There is only one measure of art:
talented or not talented. The rest is a matter of taste. But there is
no accounting for tastes.This film is talented in every way.
