1
Moronic, pointless, and full of crap

If you are a believer in the clichéd notion that success can only come
from obsessive dedication to the exclusion of all normal human
interaction, coupled with mountains of degradation, suffering,
humiliation, and physical torture, you will absolutely adore this
worthless pile of clichés, stereotypes, and bankrupt cinematic ideas.
The story of a young jazz drummer who is brutalized by a sadistic
teacher in the interests of spurring him to greatness is one of the
most repulsive exercises in sheer idiocy ever committed to the screen.
I watched and watched, waiting for some valid point to emerge from
scenes of torment, bleeding hands, broken relationships, hideous
nastiness and all the rest, but in the end, all we get is a whopping
nonsensical cliché that only a fool could buy into. J.K. Simmons (the
psychologist from Law and Order) does a credible job as the sadistic
teacher, but honestly, no one could do much with a part this
stereotypical... he couldn't have been more villainous unless he had a
mustache to twirl. And the rest of the cast doesn't do any better with
their phony baloney parts. Folks, if you don't have a credible story
based in some form of recognizable and believable reality, nothing else
matters. The fact that this one gets such a high rating on IMDb proves
that HL Mencken was right: No one ever went broke underestimating the
taste of the American public.
