3
Jaden: Get a degree and get a real job

I see the great reviews for this movie and I wonder if some Hollywood
publicity agent is writing them because this movie is no where near
what those reviews are saying. I watched this movie yesterday and was
extremely disappointed in the storyline, acting, and special effects.
The storyline of the movie was boring and did not live up to the hype
provided by the trailers. Two survivors of a space ship just happen to
be father and son? really? The dialogue was unbelievable. In one scene
(shown in one of the trailers) Will Smith tells Jaden that everything
on the planet has been created to hate and kill humans yet as can be
seen over and over again that is not the case (not giving away plot).
Jaden Smith was brilliant in "The Karate Kid" but in this movie he
acted like a scared baby with a first time at the rodeo type of acting.
At times it seemed like he was reading the script in some spots it
seemed like he was making it up as he went along. Will Smith seemed
like he was ready to crack up at any time due to the cheesy lines and
the way Jaden covered his part. I can't remember a worst performance
then this my Will Smith. The special effects were basically primitive
and nothing we haven't seen on an episode of Doctor Who. When we go see
a movie we rate the movie based on what we would have been willing to
pay IF we were allowed to pay for the movie AFTER we have seen it. Well
on a dollar scale of from 1.00 to 15.00 dollars this turkey is about 1
buck worth of entertainment. If you pay anymore you will be
disappointed. Don't waste your money on this one.
