5
Incoherent WWII drama - if you watched Anthropoid, you can skip this one.

This movie feels like someone shot two separate movies - one being
Heydrich's biography, second being action thriller about his
assassination - cut the run time of each one to half and merged them
together. The first half follows Reinhard Heydrich on his rise to
power, orchestrated by his wife Lina. It's not exactly a thrilling
spectacle, but both Jason Clarke and Rosamunde Pike deliver solid
performances (although Clarke is far from the brilliance of Ralph
Fiennes in Schindler's list). The problem is that the story line seems
absurdly rushed, many important events are left out or shown through
short collages with voice-over and music playing and it just feels
incomplete. I would love to see a full 2 hours long Heydrich's
biography that would dig deeper into Heydrich's relationship with his
wife, his rise to power and his work and status in the Nazi regime.Unfortunately, after one hour of this rushed biography, the movie
almost completely abandons Heydrich and his wife (both have literally
minutes of screen time in the second half, most of it together) and
shifts focus to Czechoslovak paratroopers in Prague. Since then, it
feels like Jimenez just took the movie Anthropoid (2016), cast new
actors, re-shot the movie shot by shot and cut out half of the scenes.
If you have seen Anthropoid, you can skip the second half in its
entirety and you won't miss anything. The fact that Jack O'Connel and
Jack Reynor look alike to the point it's easy to confuse their actions
doesn't help either. The only upside of the second half is Mia
Wasikovska who does much better job than Ana Geislerova in Anthropoid.
HHhH (or The Man with the Iron Heart) is not a bad movie per se, it's
just oddly structured, rushed and given the existence of Anthropoid,
feels a bit redundant.
