2
A movie that gets 98% everything wrong

This movie was a mess. From a directional standpoint, to acting, to
script writing, everything. The VFX is horrible in this movie. It's so
low budget, you'd imagine it be a cheap TV show. Ryuk's forehead is too
big and feels nonexistent within the mise-en-scene. Light Yagami is
everything wrong, changed to a bullied kid to feel politically relevant
and correct. He's just eccentric, over the top, and a creepy looking
mofo. Mia is supposed to be Misa? She is changed to a typical short
girl cheerleader who follows Light around. Also, why would anyone name
their kid Light in America is beyond me. This movie was rushed. From
the start, we already see the book falling down. There is no build up
to this or tension, it just falls and it's one of the cheapest looking
movie production props I have ever seen. The design is something you'd
see from a fanmade film. Then, the title sequence. They got the colors
right at first, but then they went with complete blue, when it should
be red and a bit of purple. All of the dialogue is awkward and choppy.
Terrible line deliveries from each actor, just overcooked and several
mumbling moments. The deaths were immoral, stupid, and just goes to
Final Destination B-movie horror territory. The writers they hired
wrote Immortal, a terrible movie with Henry Cavill. So, it was doomed
to suck to begin with. They hired Adam Wingard too who directed the
overrated The Guest. He's just bad, they should stop hiring him. His
camera tricks are cheap, choppy, and horrible to look at. Blair Witch
was unwatchable, this one is almost too. Ugliest looking cinematography
of the year, muddy, unsmooth, bad shot composition, and student film
level. The music choice is pop/techno like music and it is all wrong.
Death Note was Gothic, operatic, and heavy metal. The only thing they
got right was Ryuk's voice.2/10.
