9
A remarkable oddity of a film

"The Lobster" takes the tropes and expectations of modern-day
relationships and satirises them almost out of existence. The farcical
"Hotel" aims to partner 'loner' humans with each other (based on 1
characteristic) in a stress-inducing timeframe of 45 days, often
resulting in deception and the suppression of true feelings in order to
garner a relationship as a means of escape. The other side of the coin
is the outcast tribe living a meagre existence in the woods, where even
flirting is punished with physical mutilation. The cold mechanical
delivery of every single character's lines emphasises the absurdity of
the situation, and bizarrely makes the jokes even funnier. Not since
Richard Ayoade's "The Double" has cripplingly awkward humour been so
effective. This film has a lot to say about the fickle nature of
relationships, set against the background of a dystopian society. The
cinematography is as flat as the actors' delivery; this contributes to
the emotionally-stunted, often silent world that the characters
inhabit. The ending is beautifully ambiguous and surprisingly tense for
such an understated scene. A score which fluctuates from terse, rough
string melodies to Italian opera heightens the sense of weird-art-film
which pervades "The Lobster": definitely a film which requires full
attention, reflection, and a mind open to arty weirdness, "The Lobster"
is a remarkable oddity.
