7
Bleed for Comeback

This ain't no 'Rocky' - like some other reviewer said. And I'm clad it
ain't no 'Rocky'. 'Bleed for This' doesn't offer anything new in the
boxing genre, but it still stands as its own. The script is pretty
basic and by the numbers, and mainly carried by the strong performances
of the cast - especially Miles Teller who is just superb as Vinny Paz.
It treats the viewers with some boxing movie clich√©s (at the moment I
think there is no other way to make them), but they are not too obvious
to ruin the experience. The real life story of Vinny Pazienza is
incredible and in real life he's much more colorful personality than it
was depicted in the film (so were some other characters). In that
department, the film played little safe. Of course it's only a movie (a
near good one), and it has to leave some room for fantasy and drama.
Another thing I liked about the film is that it didn't do much over
dramatization like most of the based on true life films (and sporting
films in general) tend to do. 'Bleed for This' isn't the greatest film
of the year or not even greatest boxing film, but it's one of the best
that has come out in recent years. I'm sure this film will gain more
appreciation over time.Of course to me, who I'm little boxing enthusiast myself, I always get
hyped for another boxing movie. 'Bleed for This' is quite well
balanced, paced and acted sporting drama that is definitely worth
giving shot at.
