1
"Looper" Is A Pooper!!!

"Looper" qualifies as a sordid science fiction thriller about time
travel with an awful ending. Stir a little H.G. Wells in with some
Stephen King and add a pinch of "The Sopranos," and you've got the
basics of "Brick" director Rian Johnson's contrived, unconvincing
chronicle. Bruce Willis and Joseph Gordon-Levitt are cast as one in the
same character in this disappointing actioneer that pits them against
each other with a no-win outcome. Furthermore, both protagonists emerge
as more anti-heroic than heroic. If you dismiss the fact these talented
thespians bear scant resemblance to each other, you must still consider
the scarcity of information about a distant future as well as a warped
premise. These shortcomings constitute the chief flaws in this
imaginative but predictable sci-fi saga that unfolds in an erratic
manner, lacks quotable dialogue, and features one character with no
qualms about shooting innocent adolescents. By the time this
uninspired, R-rated, 118-minute, spectacle has worn out its welcome;
you have no reason to care about anybody, including an obnoxious
telekinetic tyke who doesn't know when to keep his trap shut. Mind you,
the future has never appeared more dystopian. Some people are born with
a mutation that enables them to levitate objects, and these fellows
find that they can lure facile-minded babes into bed by making quarters
float above the palms of their hands. The economy has hit bottom, and
vagrancy has become epidemic. Citizens can execute vagrants on the spot
if they feel so inclined. Any time Hollywood undertakes a time travel
tale, the filmmakers conjure up some of the ugliest vehicles. While the
cars and trucks look hopelessly tacky, the motorcycles resemble
something Luke Skywalker might ride. Basically, you see a guy
straddling a cylinder with handle bars. Computer-generated special
effects blur everything beneath his feet so he appears to be cruising
on a cushion of air.Johnson's screenplay is as amoral as his narrative premise is warped.
Imitating the best Mafia movies of director Martin Scorsese, Johnson
relies on the voice-over narration of his lead character to acquaint us
not only with his unusual profession but also with the seedy world in
which he thrives. Kansas in the year 2044 serves as the setting.
Presumably, Johnson is making an ironic "Wizard of Oz" joke with his
futuristic fable. The premise of "Looper" is that a guy can live the
high life by killing individuals from the future who have been sent
back to the past. Joseph Simmons (Joseph Gordon-Levitt of "The Dark
Knight Rises") is a killer who was brought up the ranks by his boss,
Abe (Jeff Daniels of "Blood Work"), to do his dirty work. Actually, Abe
was beamed back from the future to coordinate the equivalent of Murder
Incorporated. In the 1940s, the Mafia relied on out-of-town gunmen from
to ice enemies on their own turf. For example, if the New York Mafia
wanted to dispose of an adversary, they contracted a Chicago gunsel to
eliminate him. The rationale was that the authorities always sought a
motive. What motive would a Chicago mobster have for killing New York
mobster that he didn't know? This remained standard operating procedure
until the authorities figured out the connection. Mobsters in the year 2074 cannot murder their adversaries because
humans have become too easy to track. Since the mob cannot kill their
own, they contract hits out to mobsters from the past. Gunman
designated 'loopers' kill and dispose of these victims that the mob has
beamed back so nobody can find them. Our hero wields an exotic shotgun
called a 'blunderbuss,' and the looper waits near a cornfield in the
middle of nowhere with his weapon and a tarp spread on the ground.
Eventually, a bound man with a bag over his head and silver ingots
strapped to his back materializes. After he murders his prey, Joseph
incinerates him so no traces remain. When a gangland assassin in the
future has worn out his welcome, however, the mob sends him back to the
past so he can kill himself. They call this 'closing the loop.' After
Young Joe botches the job of killing Old Joe, he has to dodge the
bullets of his former associatesÂ—known as 'gat-men'--until he can
corner and kill himself. Losing one's older self is referred to as
'letting his loop run.' Joe's quick-witted alter-ego from the future
(Bruce Willis of "Twelve Monkeys") escapes and searches for a
mysterious person known only as the 'Rainmaker.' This enigmatic
individual wants to eradicate any trace of the loopers. Older Joe has
been given a map with three possible addresses for this 'Rainmaker.'
Joe wants to wreak vengeance on the 'Rainmaker' because the ladder
dispatched trigger-happy gunmen who accidentally murdered his Asian
wife. Instead of keeping things simple, Johnson complicates matters with a
subplot about a kid with telekinetic powers. Cid (Pierce Gagnon of "The
Crazies") lives on a sugar cane farm with his mom, Sara (Emily Blunt of
"The Adjustment Bureau"), who runs the place by herself. One of the
locations that the Old Joe has is Sara's farm. He suspects Cid may be
the reason that assassins are knocking themselves off. Essentially,
what we have here is a good assassin and a bad assassin who share the
same body from drastically different decades. Young Joe stakes out
Sara's farm so he can terminate Old Joe with extreme prejudice. This
uneven, high body count stinker doesn't flow well and is often
confusing, too. Moreover, the logic is questionable. Wouldn't it be
easier for the future mob to kill their enemies and send the remains
back to the past for disposal? Furthermore, what would happen if the
victim that they sent back managed to escape like Old Joe and gum up
the works? In most movies, you look for a character that you can either
love or envy. Nobody is lovable in "Looper" and parts of this movie are
just plain downright dull.
