1
If you like the comics or good story telling don't watch this movie

One thing I loved about the comic is the relationship they have with
each other. Especially the back and forth between the Thing and Human
Torch but there is no team interaction in this film whatsoever. On top
of that Sue Storm isn't even with the group when they get their powers!
In a time when technology is getting better and it's getting harder to
tell when something is computer generated or not how does a blockbuster
such as this get away with bad CG. Fant4stic could have addressed all
of the previous complaints and would have still emerged as a pretty bad
movie; above everything else, the biggest problem with the film is its
story. Not just that it's poorly conceived and not fleshed out at all,
but that it's told in such a lazy, haphazard way. There's the usual
protracted pre-transformation set-up that's been mandatory since Batman
Begins, which runs for the first half of the movie and falls flat
thanks to the poorly written characters. Then bright lights happen,
powers are given, heroes are captured and we jump forward a year
inexplicably. OK, so things are going to look at how they've changed in
that time, right? Nope. All of a sudden the third act motivation 
heralded by the return of Doom  appears out of nowhere and we're into
a rushed final sequence where the heroes' first attempt to stop the
destruction of Earth actually works. THE END. That's it. That is the
most measured way to present Fant4stic's narrative. I'd say it was
written for an audience with a severely short attention span,
constantly mixing up the status quo just to make things appear vaguely
interesting, but the short run time suggests key development points
were actually edited out, leading to such incredibly choppy pacing.
Again  an explanation, not an excuse. Fant4stic is barely a movie.
It's a bunch of vaguely connected moments cobbled together to 100
minutes so it can qualify for a cinematic release; the idea there's a
coherent narrative with a flowing story between its vaguely defined
beginning and end is so contentious it's insulting.
