1
Mad Max? Nope, it's me who's mad!

Absolute rubbish. This movie caters to 13-year olds (sorry 13-y olds,
no offense). Skulls on the cars - cool (sorry, the correct spelling is
KOOL)! Skull on the steering wheel - KOOL! Ordinary spears causing
explosions every time they hit something - KOOL! Silly masks just for
the sake of being silly - KOOL! Guy playing a flame-throwing guitar on
a truck while chasing and everybody shooting - KOOL! Explosion - KOOL!
Another explosion 1 sec later KOOL!!! And another one another second
later - SUPER KOOL! You get the picture...I walked out after 1hr 15min. Where to begin...? There was no sense in
anything characters did. No character was likable, nobody to root for,
no character to care for. They are all morons that can't speak English.
Max (was it?) points to the cutter, then to the chain, then he grunts.
How about saying "You, Blondie! Get those cutters over here and cut
this chain!" There is NO SENSE in anything! First, they chase and
capture this guy. Then they chain him to the front of the car while
engaging in a deadly chase. When he finally breaks free, you would
think he would make immediate allies with Charlize's characters as they
seem to have the same enemy. But no! They fight and growl at each
other. Then one of the girls who was running away from the bad guy
wants all of a sudden to go back. Then they make friends with the
silver-spray-mouth zombie/albino who was chasing them and trying to
kill Furiosa! Yeah, poor thing had a rough childhood! I was bored to
tears and upset that I paid for this piece of crap. When I walked out,
it felt like I was under the water drowning and finally got to breath
some air!
