8
Lynchian Bangkok

Those giving this movie 1/10 are saying far more about their own
absolute ignorance of film and extreme immaturity than they are about
this movie. I don't expect everyone to like this film - it is certainly
not for fans of Hollywood blockbusters and those who start their
reviews with statements similar to 'I went to see this movie because I
like Ryan Gosling/Kristin Scott Thomas' render all further comments
null and void - their opinions are simply worthless and cannot be taken
seriously.The cinematography is excellent and the acting superb. Those
complaining of Gosling's lack of animation are completely missing the
point that his character is empty and completely subjugated beneath the
force of his mother. This movie is full of symbolism, psychology and
philosophy and every shot and sequence masterfully executes the
portrayal and exploration of these themes. Distinct allusions to David
Lynch are apparent but these do not come off as derivative but rather
as homage. If you like Hollywood blockbusters or Rom-Coms stay away from this
movie and don't bother deriding this movie due to your own lack of
mature and critical thinking. On the other hand, if you appreciate
excellent cinematography and exploring deeper themes of the
unconscious, however dark they may be, do not be put off by the
extremism of those giving this movie 1/10 and go and decide for
yourself.
