1
I'm giving up on Ridley Scott!

Man, I was so disappointed by this movie! Did I have too high
expectations? I don't think so. If you have a bunch of actually
Hollywood-A-class actors and a director who made "Blade Runner" and
"Alien", you are officially allowed to have expectations! But they all
failed terribly in my opinion. I could rant about the bad jokes, the
awful soundtrack and the cheesy 3D-renderings - why didn't they manage
one single time to make these things, the ship, the rover, actually
look big? It all looked like toys! Awful! But my biggest complaint is
the terrible storytelling! The movie had zero suspense from beginning
to end. It was always, hey we have a problem, let's have a cool
dialog/monologue, and then, hey, we'll solve the problem within the
next minute - no problem at all! Hey, I got no milk in the fridge, OK
I'll get some from the supermarket... That level of depth. I didn't
feel for one single minute with the main character and I couldn't have
cared less, when he had died in the end. There was at some points
emotional music and we all were told, that this and that is dangerous
and what not. But I couldn't feel it at all. Just for comparison:
"Gravity" had me on the edge of the seat and "Interstellar" had me hold
my breath. Not to mention "Moon", "Blade Runner" and "Odyssee". Wasn't
there a time, when Ridley Scott made actually great movies? Do yourself
a favor and spend the money on something else. This movie isn't worth
it.
