9
Brutal and Powerful; American Sniper ranks among the best of the year

American Sniper is Clint Eastwood's harrowing take on Chris Kyle's life
and his service in the Navy as a SEAL sniper who killed nearly 200
enemy soldiers. The film is relentlessly violent and disturbing but
honors the life of the late Chris Kyle in a very admirable way. It
doesn't show this man as an invincible legend, it shows him as a mere
man with a heart and soul that are clearly broken due to his sacrifice
for his country. Bradley Cooper delivers the best performance of his
career as Chris Kyle. Cooper didn't merely bulk up for the role, he
became this man without any hesitation and doesn't hit a false note.
Clint Eastwood proves that he can still deliver a phenomenal film even
in his mid-eighties. It isn't only impressive for his age, but American
Sniper is an impressive film in general. It doesn't wallow in classic
war film clich√®s, it tells Kyle's story the way he told it in the book
and while some creative liberties were taken in telling the story
regarding pacing, it is an excellent film. It isn't an all out war film
like The Hurt Locker, it is a heavy drama with plenty of gut wrenching
scenes both on and off the battle field. The most interesting part of
this film is the parallels between Kyle's life as a sniper and Kyle's
deteriorating life state side. It is an interesting dynamic to add to a
film like this and echoes past films from the 70s such as Coming Home
and The Deer Hunter. On a technical level, American Sniper sores with
great cinematography that is a bit more colorful when compared to
Eastwood's past films and excellent sound design. You see every wound
and hear every gunshot with realistic velocity. It is a truly great
cinematic experience. Overall, American Sniper is a great film that
will tug at your heart strings much like last year's Lone Survivor and
even goes one step beyond that film and gives us grade A entertainment
with grade A acting. It stands as one of the best films of the year.
