9
Intelligent Movie

This movie is obviously allegorical, a fascinating tale about AI, but
it is mainly about manipulation and power. It isn't for those wanting
action or spectacular CGI, the movie is aimed at people who like to
think, rather than passively wait to be entertained. There are themes
here not only about AI, but also about surveillance, with excellent
points about how data about us is collected by phone companies, search
engine companies, commercial operating systems makers and so on. The
plot seems simple but isn't, it's extremely clever, with the
protagonist playing games, trying to stay one step ahead of one
another. This is a movie with perfectly consistent internal logic that
plays out perfectly. Don't go in expecting too much, however, as I can
see most people will not be satisfied by this movie, but for me, it
does what it sets out to do brilliantly. Therefore I give at least
9/10. And most recent movies have been getting 5/10 from me. This movie
succeeds where another recent movie about AI, Transcendence, I think it
is called, failed (but it was an interesting failure). A third movie
about AI, a Spanish movie called Eva, was also brilliant. Eva was more
moving and this movie more philosophical. But both movies were perfect
in their different ways. The AI's name in this movie, Ava, seems to be
a nod to the title of the Spanish movie. As an aside, it's nice that no
"stars" appeared in "Ex Machina" and "Eva", the casting was great. Of
course there are several aspects of this movie that are unrealistic and
often absurd. But because this is an allegorical movie, these are
acceptable, because the movie is making points, rather than striving
for realism. It's more of a fairytale than accurate portrayal.
