7
Good romance with suspense: 7,25

I will not compare this movie with the novel on which it is based
because I have not read it. "Safe haven" is not innovator at all, it is
one more romantic drama with a quiet predictable ending, but at the
same time, with some mystery and some twists that kept me amused and
paying attention during its entire length. It is not as good as "The
notebook", but it is better than "Dear John" and "The lucky one", in my
opinion. Anyway, these four are very alike to each other and based on
the respective novels written by the same author. Lasse Hallstrom
proofs again he is an efficient director of dramas (I cannot say
versatile, because he has not directed more genres ). He has been able
to take advantage of the cast, which is not particularly great, but
good enough. The photography is one of the best elements of the movie.
It is mainly located in Northern Carolina (in a quiet coastal village)
and I really liked the environment. The pace is fluid. It made me pay
attention from the beginning. It does not obviously have the same pace
that action movies should have. The plot contains just a few good
unexpected twists and some flashbacks. The plot is easy to follow and
adds no confusion, which is good. The acting is good enough. I am not a
fan of any actor from this mo vie, but they all did a decent job and
are believable in their respective roles. Josh Dushamel and Julianne
Hough are the two leading ones, specially her, who is not famous at
all. In conclusion, those who really like this sort of movies will
surely enjoy this one even though it is not a top romantic drama. The
intrigue and photography are added value. The cast is not great, but
good enough. The film is well-paced, but it is not original at all.
7,25.
