9
Best In The Franchise

It's so rare nowadays that sequels improve and franchises get better,
well Fast & Furious shows us it's truth. This sixth addition lives up
to it's speedy natured title yet again with furious action sequences
that will excite audiences from the epic scale convoy heist to the
knockout plane finale, it's all so over the top and that's exactly what
you want. This addition spans the globe from the streets of London, the
busy roads of Tenerife and back and forth from the USA. Justin Lin is
the ultimate director for this franchise, he keeps every aspect sharp
from the beautiful camera-work, the expertly crafted stunts to the
fantastic character chemistry. The best thing about six is that it goes
in a new direction, heading towards a more action drama, as the main
focus is family, and the crew are closer than ever, and whenever a
character is in peril you feel for them and you begin to hope
everything turns out alright. The cast deliver fine performances, all
of which are the best in the franchise, there's genuine chemistry and
strong interaction, and when Mia is kidnapped you will gasp. Owen Shaw,
played by Luke Evans, is hands down the best bad guy in the franchise,
he's menacing, motivated and very sly and he aims at the protagonists
weak spots, pushing their buttons resulting in fantastic face/offs.
Gina Carano is back and better than ever, I last saw her in Haywire and
she is still electrifying, super sexy and a spectacular fighter, the
cat fights between her and Rodriguez are enough to stand up to the
ground breaking force of the Rock and Vin Diesel. The story is tightly
packed, the camera-work follows the pulse racing action and there are
tonnes of shocks and twists, this is a top notch addition. Plus, the
credits feature an epic-beyond-words cliffhanger that will leave you in
awe, and ready for part seven.
