10
Stylishly Scary Tour de Force

From Welles to De Niro to Hanks to Bale, Hollywood has a history of
actors going through extreme body transformations. While Gyllenhaal's
intense weight loss will easily fit this trend, to only focus on that
part of his commitment to Nightcrawler would be overlooking how
impressively gone he is as Louis Bloom, the focus of this intense
character study about an overlooked and disturbed individual. It's not
a particularly "pleasant" film, and the pacing is far from quick, but
the tension between Louis and his world progresses so beautifully as to
pin you right to your seat. Nightcrawler is an effectively scary,
uncomfortably funny, and stylishly gritty tour de force. The premise,
plot and protagonist are truly unique: a sociopath becomes a freelance
news-cameraman, stopping at nothing to succeed. Though his arc seems
implausible, Gilroy crafts it smoothly, and Gyllenhaal's disturbed
perfection make it hard NOT to believe. His unsettling bug-eyed
expression and breathtakingly inappropriate smile are magnetic. Much
like Scorsese's Rupert Pupkin, Bloom seems to believe he is the star of
his own story: delusional, bull-headed, and respectably determined.
Luckily, there is more here than just Gyllenhaal; powerful set-pieces
resound, and the beautifully cool ambient guitar score is among the
best of the year, complimenting Gyllenahaal's uneasy intensity. Even
the camera consistently reminds us where Bloom stands in the deeply LA
locale. At the heart, it's smartly calling out our propensity for
praising characters for their desires, reminding us that compassionless
ambition is extremely dangerous. For our fame-starved culture,
Nightcrawler is a good message within a great movie with an even
greater lead performance. A true don't-miss!
