7
Sacrifices thematic depth and complex characters for superficial thrills and repetitive plots

The word "apocalypse" brings to mind an end-of-the world event of
biblical proportions. X- MEN APOCALYPSE brings to mind some Japanese
anime and a yearning for the better X- men movies of the past. The
third in this "new trilogy" that began with X-MEN FIRST CLASS, the
franchise reached its high point in the epic X-MEN DAYS OF FUTURE PAST
but now tips back down to a rather typical tale of good vs evil
intertwined with the usual hero's journey. Thankfully the masterful
execution of dialogue and acting chops saves this film from sinking
into mediocrity.There are lot of plot threads to follow. Fortunately or unfortunately
it does not require much inferring or complex thinking to follow the
story. It is very simple and it is in its simplicity that it loses out
on the richness of character than past xmen movies had. Our characters
are all reduced to two dimensional archetypes each with familiar story
arcs. So familiar in fact that the whole movie is a pastiche of plot
points taken from past xmen movies. Eric is the grief stricken blood
knight who goes evil with vengeance when tragedy strikes, again. Scott
jean and Kurt are the inexperienced loners who have to work together to
overcome their challenges, a little like pyro, Bobby drake (ice man)
and kitty pryde (shadow cat) in X-men 2. Mystique replaces wolverine as
the badass wanderer who is thrown into a leadership position to guide
our young loners. Xavier is once again captured and the X-men's home
base is compromised, again like X-MEN 2. Powerful mutant with delusions
of godhood and a gang of loyal followers is Apocalypse this time
replacing magneto's role in the first 3 xmen movies. Call it homage or
call it clich√©, I feel that this story manages to toe the line between
familiar and fresh. The familiar elements gives us a sense of the
revolving nature of conflict, that history repeats despite the best
intentions. The fresh elements of course add new facets to a film which
could have otherwise been a complete bore, thanks to the slow burn
nature of the plot which mostly sees both good guys and bad guys
gathering their key players for the final showdown. Those who can
appreciate a slow build up would love this while those who need their
immediate action fix would be left disappointed.Divisive might be the best word to describe this movie. When the action
does come, it is a special effects spectacle of mutant powers on
display where everyone.......pretty much stands around shooting things
at each other. Oh look, the villain is getting the upper hand! Let's
shoot more! Where physical stunts and fights come, they are a thrill to
behold except the dated wire work which feels artificial. Interspersed
between these divisive battles are particular scenes of movie magic.
Quicksilver (last see in DAYS OF FUTURE PAST) returns and we get to see
the full extent of his powers once again only on a larger scale. And at
least this time he has a purpose in the story other than being a just a
miraculous attempt. But as mentioned earlier his motivations are
touched on but not explored. His character is simplified into yet
another archetype.Beneath the visual spectacle, the movie under utilises its cast of
characters. Ty Sheridan's Scott Summers could have been great as the
new audience surrogate, going from meek bullied loser to taking his
first steps as confident leader of the X-Men. Instead he is also shoved
into the background after his introduction. Kodi-smith mcfee's more
feline looking Nightcrawler is also another intriguing character
sidelined. Instead we get more Charles Xavier and more Eric playing out
their character drama like star crossed lovers. Don't get me wrong,
they are fantastic actors, especially Michael Fassbender completely
nailing the tragedy of Eric's character arc. But their story came to a
decent close in the last movie and this one just feels like more of the
same.Apocalypse himself is a villain that is as equally divisive as the
movie itself. On one hand, it seemed that the creators were going for
the "all powerful but frail" type of villain ala emperor Palpatine of
Star Wars. The snake-like menace that Oscar Isaac exudes through his
sinister delivery is betrayed by a design that borders on corny.
Oversized platform boots, plastic looking Armour and an ill defined set
of powers all downplay the threatening presence of the villain. His
motivations could have been much deeper. A commentary on modern
commercialism replacing the religions of old perhaps as the new "cult
following"? Or a criticism of humanity's arrogance and self glorifying
nature? Maybe even a critique on how common folk are quick to idolise
mortal "false gods" of the influential and powerful? No, no and no.
None of that thematic depth here. Apocalypse is merely your Saturday
morning cartoon variety villain who wants to destroy the world to
rebuild in his image.It is not a bad movie per se. Visually stunning, an easy-to-follow plot
and well cast characters set to a script filled with witty dialogue
that does not overdo the comedy. The acting is professional and the
music by John Ottman is a grand thematic continuation of But for a
grand finale it pales in comparison to films like X-MEN 2 by glossing
over its deeper themes of social commentary especially, in the
treatment of mutants as an allegory to prejudice against social
minorities. It lacks the urgency, high stakes tension and emotional
depth of DAYS OF FUTURE PAST and the chemistry among the cast is no
where near XMEN FIRST CLASS. I would place it as a middling entry into
the X-men franchise that succeeds in opening the doors to a whole new
generation of X-men movies.
