1
Kiosk <1

Negatives: 1. Mostly tire squealing and a little corner sliding. Boring
and even more so with slow speeds made to look faster. 2. Lots of
camera shots from adjacent camera car of racing car wheels. About as
creative as corn flakes. 3. Lots of car exhaust rumbles but for some
reason when the camera is mounted on the dash or hood looking inward
the car doesn't vibrate a single iota. Lack of attention to detail was
the norm and a good indicator of poor quality. 4. Very rote,
stereotypic plot of poor car shop mechanic vs. nasty rich and
successful ex-townsman racer. Toss in the predictable ex-female love
interest and an enticing but totally unbelievable new female hook for
the male under 25s and it's an all formula script. 5. Poor car shop
mechanic has a posse mix of all demographics tossed in to hook in more
viewers but leaves believability further behind. 6. Acting and dialogue
were Saturday cartoon level age appropriate. Fake animosity between
poor car mechanic and rich racer - laughable and obviously contrived.
7. Couple of car crashes no different than hundreds of other movies;
even those car chases were secondary or even tertiary to the storyline.
8. Writing in scenes where people are racing throughs streets just for
sport and in areas where, lets say, a child steps in front and death is
an instant away is irresponsibly bankrupt writing just so people can
make a few bucks off of a movie. Sad. 9, As someone who used to
deadhead cars across the country for car rental agencies, accumulating
over a hundred thousand miles, the driving skills such as hand
positions and movements were juvenile. Positive:
