1
Foul Witless Trivial Overblown Dumb Boring Rot And Piffal

This idiotic mess assumes that the whole world is in to recreational
drugs the writers of this bum numbing epic seem to think, they should
get out of Hollywood more often. They also assume that the F word is
always funny as they just stack one uttering on the other, over and
over.On every level this expensive syrup honks to the core.It is all in
the trailer which mercifully was two and a half minutes not two hours
twenty one, in true turkey style the film is packed with big names
taking big cheques that means they don't care that they have
embarrassed there career.All the jokes nods and satire's fall splat
flat, then there is the action which is hardly exciting as all is so
vastly over the top.Exactly how anyone can imagine there is 221 minutes
of entertainment in this grim, dare i say blockbuster is beyond
me.Judging by the rustling of feet and popcorn around me this movie was
not hitting many targets.The pit was reached when sir Elton John filled
the screen from corner to corner yelling F-F-F. It has been i am told
the worst summer at the north American box office in 20 years and
little wonder it has been a summer season filled with tired laboured
sequels, prequels, reboots, and remakes all lacking originality and
little in the way of skilled film making, this Kingsmen debacle simply
tops of a doomed industry.Who must go back to film school and learn
real film making,with real story's, it does not take $200 million a
pop, but it does take talent.Not F's!
