10
Why do people hate this movie?

Don't listen to the haters giving this movie ones and twos, because
this movie is phenomenal! This was my favorite Disney movieÂ… before
Inside Out came out (then it became my number two favorite). The
characters are nice and fun with just enough screen time and character
development to make them likable. The story: Brad Bird's GREATEST
PREMISE since a Superhero family! The world is going to end because
someone has implanted that idea into everyone's heads. So it is up to a
girl with a great imagination and determination to save it. But the
twist is the bad guy in this movie isn't George Clooney for making the
device, or the Audio-Animatronic girl, or even Hugh Laurie. It's US.
Because we didn't know any better, we didn't try to fight the idea of
the end of the world. So, in a way, WE are the reason that this movie
exists. I guess the only reason people hate on this movie is because of
the continuity errors and the fact that they are the bad guys. Speaking
of, this movie does have it's faults, but who cares when you have a
great story and characters AND amazing special effects. And, yeah, the
effects in this movie are beyond amazing. When I saw Tomorrowland for
the first time, and the rocket in the Eiffel Tower, I was blown away! I
saw the trailers and the effects made me gravitate towards this movie!
And the trailer is probably another reason why people don't like this
movie. The trailer made it look like an early preview for Star Wars 7.
I was also expecting that, but when I saw the actual movie, the trailer
didn't matter. So what if you didn't get a dumb action sci-Fi flick.
You have a new original idea acted well, directed well, written well,
and made at the right time that this movie should have been a hit!
Tomorrowland: Disney's dream on the big screen, and I LOVE IT.
