9
Before Midnight- A Logical and Equally Emotional Continuation of the Romantic Saga that is Uncomfortably Truthful and Painfully Heartfelt

Despite what idealized viewers might think when it comes to their
beloved romance films there are numerous events and circumstances that
can occur outside the frame that could strengthen, fracture, or
challenge that particular relationship beyond the assumed happily ever
after conclusion. This idea behind continued uncertainty is essentially
called life and though the realist perspective might damage some
optimist hopes there is a genuine beauty to the wonderful truth that is
a relationship that cultivates or fissures in the face life's
challenges. Eclectic filmmaker Richard Linklater, known for such
diverse films such as his debut indie feature Slacker and his wide
appeal comedy School of Rock, understood the idea of life beyond the
ending credits once he reintroduced his two romantic leads Jesse (Ethan
Hawke) and Celine (Julie Delpy) with a chance encounter in Before
Sunset after their initial meeting nine years earlier in Before
Sunrise. Before Midnight, the latest chapter of this ingenious film
series, offers the creative staples that the romantic saga is known for
with Linklater's consistently delicate observational style, Hawke and
Delpy's engaged performances, philosophical witty banter relating to
relationships, life, and more but this time unfolding the details of a
relationship that has marinated beyond its initial romantic beginnings
and changed into something far more palpable, strained, and relatable.
The collaborative writing between Linklater, Hawke, and Delpy
demonstrates their immense understanding of their created characters
and deliver their most uncomfortably emotional and richly
life-affirming vignette in this particular reflective road stop in the
lives of Jesse and Celine. When poet John Keats wrote the famous last
line "truth is beauty, beauty truth" in his poem "An Ode to a Grecian
Urn" he realized that even the most unpleasant truths had intense
beauty in its mere recognized existence and the Before saga is one of
the purest cinematic exercises in revealing that kind of beautiful
truth. Before Midnight takes the initially romantic setups in Before
Sunrise and Before Sunset and expands them into their most logical and
equally emotional prolongation where it expands the narrative strength,
character vivacity, and philosophical importance of the series into a
fully realized and painfully heartfelt whole that speaks uncomfortable
truths in an engagingly entertaining way.Read more: http://wp.me/py8op-yV; more reviews: generationfilm.net
