8
The movie presented the adventurous life of  Spiderman.Swinging between buildings, taking down criminals and saving the day, he is the hero every kid aspires to be.

The movie presented the adventurous life of Peter Parker better known
to us as Spiderman.Swinging between buildings, taking down criminals
and saving the day, he is the hero every kid aspires to be. Though his
life seems so awesome, he faces his dilemma in his relationship with
Gwen Stacy. But his life takes a dark turn when his old friend Harry
Osborn the sole heir of the Oscorp Industries returns back. Facing an
incurable disease Harry requires the blood of the Spiderman, who could
mutate the spider serum to cure Harry.Spiderman also faces Electro a
normal electrician who transforms after being bitten by mutated
electric eels having an inner grudge against Spiderman .Apart from his
personal relationship problems with Gwen and his guilt of not being
able to help his best friend, Peter parker faces his past demons in
understanding why his parents left him so suddenly without any
explanation.The film has good CGI work with amazing 3D visuals.The storyline is
gripping and fast paced keeping the audiences on the edge of their
seats.Andrew Garfield brings life to the character of Peter Parker by
portraying his eternal dilemmas and his difficulties living a double
life.Emma Stone is amazing as always in the role of Gwen Stacy,
Parker's love interest.The viewers though looking for action were also
absorbed in Peter's quest to find answers to his personal problems.The
adrenaline filled, epic final fight sequences of Spiderman vs Electro
and Green Goblin is one of the finest application of CGI and 3D effects
making it a must go for all comic book and movie lovers. The fast paced
cinematography and special effects made this one of the best movie of
the year winning a number of awards. Making its own mark in the
superhero genre The Amazing Spiderman series may just give a strong
competition to The Avengers series.
