5
A Couple's Magical Connection Hampered by Emotional Barriers

Due to an emotional event early in his childhood, a self-centered,
young man known simply as "Me" (Chris Evans) doesn't know how to fall
in love with a woman even though he has no problems dating them. That
all changes one day when he meets a young lady known by the equally
simple moniker of "Her" (Michelle Monaghan) who essentially has the
same problem. Yet even though their connection is magical and they
clearly enjoy each others company, the fact of the matter is that she
is engaged and has no intention of breaking it off with her fianc√© even
though she doesn't love him. Needless to say, this causes him a great
deal of anguish and as a result he turns to his circle of friends for
advice. The problem is that they are just as emotionally mixed up as he
is and as a result he doesn't know which advice to accept or reject. To
make matters even worse, as a writer he has been given a certain amount
of time to come up with a script for a rom-com for which he is totally
out of his element given his past and current emotional state of
affairs. Now rather than reveal any more I will just say that this was
an okay rom-com which had a good supporting cast and some very likable
characters. I especially liked "Scott" (Topher Grace) and "Mallory"
(Aubrey Plaza) along with the two lead actors mentioned earlier.
Unfortunately, for a romantic-comedy it lacked the necessary humor
which is vitally important for a film of this type. As a result I have
rated this film accordingly. Average.
