1
Do not watch

If you want to find intelligent people who are actually capable of
reviewing a movie, then you have those here who have voted miserably
for this movie The movie is full of errors and the story line is
extremely predictable Following are some of the issues I found 1)
Majority of the movie is clich√©, you have a failing superhero, his
ailing mentor and a young prodigy in a journey to save the young one.
The mentor is taken out by the villain, makes the superhero very angry
who in the end sacrifices himself, killing the villain and the young
one goes free into an unclear future. Any person should be able to
predict the ending of the movie after just watching 10 minutes of the
start and here are people comparing this with the Dark Knight!!!!
Unbelievable!!!! 2) The prey seems to be running after the predator in
the movie. The kids with superpowers are already trained as shown in
the movie. They are not poor scared souls, they are lethal, mentally
and physically. You can see glimpses of that during the end, when they
kill off the mercenaries ruthlessly. With their unique powers combined,
its a surprise they were even once contained in a facility. Sometimes
you can see the kinds wimping and crying and few moments later they
freeze someone off or electrocute someone without remorse. 3) Logan
witnesses a group of drones towards the end which makes him realize
that the kids are in danger. Why on earth would a dozen surveillance
drones move around in a bunch? Shouldn't they be spread out to do their
job better or was their job to get noticed by wolverine 4) X-24 was
shot by an adamantium bullet in the end which blew half his head off.
When wolverine was shot by that bullet in X Men Origins he only lost
his memory, another inconsistency. 5) Professor X knew well that they
had a vicious mercenary group hell bent after them. Why on Earth would
he then suggest that they spend the night at the Munsons'? That's the
most stupid thing to do. Oh yes now I get it why, its so that the
mutant wolverine can be introduced in the movie and it was the perfect
time for him to die. Killed by someone who he thought was Logan, that's
sure to get a lot of sympathy right there. 6)Logan clearly knows that
they are supposed to keep a low profile, in spite of that he picks up a
fight with the Reavers 7) The producers had this project nicely figured
out. Kill Wolverine, kill professor X, earn a lot of sympathy and
thereby earn a lot of money. Also keep a bunch of mutant kids alive so
that in case they fall short of lunch money, well you know what they
will be working on. There are scores of mistakes with the story line
but I do not wish to waste any more of my time so my advice for those
who haven't watched this movie yet, don't.
