10
SNOWDEN--Blowing The Whistle On Government Malfeasance, And Paying The Price

By far the biggest story of U.S. government malfeasance was uncovered
in 2013, when a young man named Edward Snowden leaked out to the media
and the world at large that his employers at the National Security
Agency and the Central Intelligence Agency, besides spying on other
countries, and terrorist organizations around the world, were also
spying on all the electronic communications of everybody in the United
States itself. These revelations made him a man without a country, and
a fugitive charged under the Espionage Act of 1917 for allegedly
revealing classified information that compromised the security and the
lives of U.S. surveillance agents all over the world. It also made him
perhaps the most dangerous whistleblower of government overreach in
history, or at least since Daniel Ellsberg. And unsurprisingly, it was
Oliver Stone, the director best known for his critiques of American
political behavior with PLATOON, BORN ON THE FOURTH OF JULY, JFK, and
NIXON, who stepped into the breach of this, maybe the most important
political story of our time, with SNOWDEN.Based on Luke Harding's book "The Snowden Files" and Anatoly
Kucherena's book "Time Of The Octopus", SNOWDEN stars Joseph
Gordon-Leavitt as a young man who, both as an intellectual conservative
and a patriot, worked his way up into the highest circles of the U.S.
intelligence community during the first decade of the 21st century and
the War On Terror, which involved less about stopping terrorism with
military force but with the force of electronics and surveillance. This
seems all good and fine to him, and he develops further programs to
assist the intelligence communityÂ…until, as he looks up the data, twice
as many communications have been monitored from within the U.S. itself
as have been from even our most feared legitimate adversary, Russia.
Much of the story is told in flashbacks and flash-forwards, as
Gordon-Leavitt relates his story to documentary filmmaker Laura Poitros
(Melissa Leo), journalist Glenn Greenwald (Zachary Quinto), and
journalist Ewan MacAskill (Tom Wilkinson) in a hotel in Hong Kong
(later detailed by the real-life Laura Poitros in her Oscar-winning
2014 documentary CITIZENFOUR). We see how his life, especially with his
girlfriend (Shailene Woodley) and his problems with epilepsy, comes
unwound, and how he must go on the run after his revelations are
published in the British newspaper The Guardian, which Greenwald and
MacAskill worked for. He winds up at Moscow International Airport just
a few days after his story hits the Internet in June 2013, and in
exile, a fugitive from what passes for American justice in the 21st
century.Rather surprisingly, given his penchant for doing extremely
controversial movies in his career, Stone was initially fairly
reluctant to touch the Edward Snowden story in any way, shape, or form.
But Kucherena (Snowden's real-life attorney in Russia) and Greenwald
themselves convinced that it would be good for him to detail the story.
Stone then agreed to do it, with Fitzgerald assisting him in the
writing of the screenplay, and the result is one of the great films of
2016. Gordon-Leavitt is a near dead-ringer for the real-life Edward
Snowden, who is seen at the end of the film detailing why he did what
he did and why coming back to America would not result in his getting a
fair trial. Although Stone had been well-known for doing films with
quick-edged MTV-inspired montage sequences, including his notorious
1994 film NATURAL BORN KILLERS, he avoids doing much of that in
SNOWDEN, instead concentrating on the inner workings of Snowden's work,
and how much harm he may have been creating in the name of National
Security, as opposed to merely keeping us "safe" from any more
9/11-type terrorism.The subject matter that is broached by Stone in SNOWDEN, even with a
relatively limited amount of violence and nudity (compared to other
films of Stone's), is not easy to watch; nor is it necessarily easy to
grasp in a lot of ways how the American people themselves, in the panic
that followed September 11, 2001, basically acquiesced and allowed such
mass surveillance to take place. Given the revelations in the early
1970s about Ellsberg's Pentagon Papers scandal, and those involving the
FBI's Counterintelligence Program against anti-war protesters and civil
rights activists, one might have thought that the people would have
learned. But speaking truth against government power is a dangerous
thing to do, and at the same time the right one; and SNOWDEN, its
subject, and its maker, show it better than perhaps anyone else in
Hollywood could ever do.
