9
High expectations lived up to...

As a big animation fanatic, I was very keen to see Rise of the
Guardians as it did look like an very interesting film. I have to say
that it was high expectations lived up to. The best animated movie of
the year? Not sure, ParaNorman and Frankenweenie were a little
better(can't wait for Wreck-It Ralph), but I do think it is in the
better end of the movies of the overall year so far. Was there anything
that could have been done better? Well, I did think the movie drags a
little bit in the middle. However, there is very little to fault
anywhere else. The animation was amazing, the characters were
well-modelled and the colours and landscapes were really beautifully
realised . Alexandre Desplat's music score has the right amount of
sparkling adventure and whimsical fantasy. The writing is thoughtful
and well-balanced, not coming across as too childish for adults or too
confusingly sophisticated for kids. The visual puns were marvellous,
Pitch's night-mares(very spooky) and Bunny's egg-plants were the
highlights. The story was a winner too, some may find it
predictable(the good vs. evil concept is not necessarily new territory)
and dull, I didn't think so at all, some of the middle is not as
securely paced as the rest but the chase action and battle were
exhilarating, it was fun and it does have a refreshing holiday feel as
well as a meaningful message. The characters have distinct
personalities and have a definite charm to them, hard to decide who was
my favourite. The voice acting was terrific, nobody was bad, Jude Law
is suave and sinister and Hugh Jackman is very funny. But Alec Baldwin
was a huge surprise, partly because he was totally unrecognisable. All
in all, a great animated movie that completely lived up to my
expectations. 9/10 Bethany Cox
