8
Project X (2012)

I swear I'm never going to get bored of the found footage genre. Maybe
I'm just simple, but it has the ability to breathe life into tired
genres. Or maybe I just really allow myself to get carried away with it
all. Project X is that simple story of the outcast kids throwing a
party to become popular. It soon spirals out of hand, but what Project
X does right, is that it makes sure to really push it ridiculously far
without betraying its set-up. None of this would work if we didn't have
some lovable protagonists to root for. We have our hero Tom, the
friendly and most normal guy. JB is the slightly rotund geek that tries
to act sophisticated, and finally we have Costa. A big douchey dick.
This could go horribly wrong, but his pranks are often harmless and
Cooper plays it in a way where you can see how desperate he is for
attention. It makes him very sympathetic, even when you can't believe
how outrageous he is being. The film builds up the party slowly, which
is perfect. It starts off with a few drinks. The dog is then attached
to helium balloons, and once the ecstasy comes into play all bets are
off. The film is also littered with those bizarre curiosities that
often make great comedy, which thankfully it doesn't overuse. Two of my
favourites were the 11 year old security guards. I would have liked to
have seen more of the party halfway through, as it turns into a huge
montage of hilarious moments. Overall, this is a riotous teen fantasy,
where people act like cocks, but you somehow hope they succeed in one
way or another. In such a politically correct world, I'm kind of glad
it didn't pussy out.
