9
Chapter 6 in the Child's Play series which takes Chucky back to his horror routes, which the movie does well in.

First off, I first saw the Bride of Chucky when I was very young but
never understood it until I was older. That was my first Child's Play
movie. Now going into the movie. C.O.C. is a straight to DVD movie that
didn't make it to theaters due to the reception of Seed of Chucky. But
does this mean that its not a movie worth watching? No. This movie is a
great horror and Child's Play movie. Chucky is treated with dignity and
functions as both a (semi) comedic and scary killer. Opposite to the
Nightmare on Elm Street remake where they relied more on jump scares,
C.O.C. realizes more on suspense which gets you to the edge of your
seat constantly. And I know I'll probably get criticized for not saying
this: yes, Brad Dourif's (voice of Chucky) daughter (Fiona Dourif)
plays the main character in this movie. Now for the bad... The stage 2
Chucky doll of course looks weird (the doll in the trailer that
everyone had questionable about), and its also your indicator that
Chucky is about to do something. Another gripe of the film is the
continuity connection. *** SPOILERS: Jennifer Tilly is back, but as
Tiff not as herself; this questionable because Chucky lists the
families he's messed with and he says "... the Tillys." And Chucky
isn't killed by his head being knocked off, but functions like if you
knock a regular doll's head off. *** So on conclusion, C.O.C. is a good
horror film and Chucky film but needs work on its continuity. P.S.: Buy the Blu-Ray, you'll see an old familiar face that you haven't
see in years.
