1
Paper Towns is a Flat, Facade of a Paper Movie

Paper Towns. Paper Movie. For all its talk about those flat, hollow,
deceiving facades, Paper Towns very quickly became what it seemingly
tries to warn against. I feel swindled, conned, beguiled, paper mooned,
pun intended! I was promised a whimsical, memorable, romantic romping
young hearts, teenage adventure, a racing love story, risking it all,
faint of heart never won fair lady and such! However, after a
confusing, long, rather uneventful, and at times painfully awkward two
hours, right when we've reached her, this woman of mystery and
intrigue, who our shy hero has risked it all to find, there
is............ nothing. No big, dramatic declaration, no tear-filled
fantasy ending. No Magic. Paper Towns. Paper Love. It was like coming
up empty handed at the end of the rainbow. Where is the whimsy, the
destiny, the fleeting promise this movie had in the preview? Where were
the passionate, young romantics, the real people that found each other
in a paper world? Or did those shining figures exist only in our minds,
were they paper stars that readily deceived? The best part for me was
when Mr. Augustus Waters made an adorably unexpected cameo, a lovely
reminder of what a REAL love story was the genuine gold value, that
this paper, soulless, disposable nothing paled against. It's baffling
to me, that the ingenious, and powerfully compelling Fault in Our
Stars, and this cruel trick of a caper, Paper Towns were both penned by
the same man. In truth, the moment I saw Gus, it made me wish I was
watching his movie instead. This could have been a brilliant,
spontaneous, wonder of a film, if its execution and ending had not so
instantly caught fire. Well, then again, what better tinder for fire
than ........ paper.
