3
Giving it a back story and more detail made it feel cheapened.

It wasn't until I checked the credits that I realized this was based
off of the short film by David F. Sandberg. I knew the lights
off/lights on shadow figure thing seemed familiar. While I really loved
the short film, I don't necessarily agree that it needed the full
length treatment. I feel like we see this a lot - capitalize off some
popular internet thing that, when extended, loses some of what made it
special in the first place. The short film was unsettling and creepy as
it was; giving it a back story and more detail made it feel cheapened.
I'm not a huge fan of "BOO!" gotcha horror movies, though; I come from
a generation that was raised on the original Halloween and, for me,
that is the apex of subtle, creepy, slow burn etc - everything that
makes one get enveloped in a movie. When there are two many
jump-atchas, it is jarring and does not make for high replay value (for
me, anyway). I thought the mental asylum backstory was so played out; I
feel like maybe that trope should be burned alive. We get it. Although
that's kind of how I also feel about kids being creepy (or "troubled"),
too. There's just so little variation in horror these days. Not all
bad, though - I feel like the choice of Teresa Palmer as Maria Bello
(Sophie)'s character's daughter was a fantastic choice. I not only
enjoyed her performance but I feel she looks the part; she looks like a
younger version of her.
