1
Prepare to get Hustled.

There are no spoilers in my review:I have never been so disappointed in a film. With all the hype, I
expected another House of Games (1987) or Grifter (1990) or maybe a
hard edged drama like The Departed. Instead I saw a very boring film
that had no idea what it was. Before I went in, I read that it was a
drama. Others said a comedy. Others said a dark comedy. It attempted to
be all of the above and succeeded at none. The movie was so boring,
after 45 minutes I started to watch the reactions of the viewers around
me in the packed theater. It was very telling. Over and over, we would
be presented a drama scene with deep consequences to the plot and
characters followed by what was supposed to be a funny scene. For
example, we have someone worried they are going to get killed at
anytime followed by a housewife cleaning her house while dancing to the
song "Live & Let Die." Do you laugh? You uneasily chuckle. A little. At
the end of the scene when you realize the director is holding up the
"laugh" sign. In another scene, you have a character do harm to his
superior. The superior is beaten pretty badly. Not only is the
subordinate not punished, it is played for laughs, Not knowing what
reaction I was supposed to have actually made my stomach queasy - and I
eat habaneros for breakfast! I said several times to the people I was
with that this is boring. This is not well done. They all agreed. The
ending and wrap up will leave you in awe at its lacking.So much talent and potential wasted.
