8
about time someone turned this out in a high production film

Maybe I am bias but I love the story of the Krays. I had been waiting
for a long time to see this movie ever since I saw the preview for it.
While it was not the 10/10 that I was hoping it would be, it was an
excellent movie. It was well shot, the script was good, and the story
of the Krays is a very good story. My biggest complaint of the movie
was it seemed to short. You get a snippet into the history and the
story of the Krays starting in the middle years where Ron is already in
the mental institution. I personally was left wanting to see more. I
wanted to the the movie start from the early years, show the building
of the crime empire and then the end of their run. I think the early
years really solidify the bond between the two brothers and that bond
is simply missing and taken for granted in the movie. Having said that
there was a lot of time they were covering in this movie. For that
reason you miss a lot of the building of the empire, how they started
and what pieces fit together were. I think that is why this movie has
such a low rating of 7/10 with most viewers. I think it is also why I
feel it was a bit of a let down from what I was really hoping to get.
The acting in the movie was bril. Tom Hardy does a really good job in
both roles. He sells the characters very well, he accent is even pretty
good as well. The script writing was very good given the time
limitations. If you don't know the story of the Krays, it is a great
watch. If you are familiar with the story, just don't expect to see the
whole story unfold. Would gladly watch this movie again and recommend
it to you.
