6
What if mass media heroes were common people

Major movie makers have this annoying habit of trying to turn every
success story into wave or genre. If something turns into notable
success you can bet your sweet ass that they will try to copy that as
long as they can  many years, usually. That's how I've turned away
from superhero movies and computer animated features, for example. Even
if I loved something initially, I just can't bear to watch the same
blueprint again and again and again for 15 or even 30 years. (Then
again, there are examples of waves/genres that I still like despite
having seen enough of them, raunchy mainstream comedies for example)
Stronger" belongs to this new wave of creating partly fictional
accounts of recent real events which garnered a lot of mass media
attention and had an impact on the social conscious of the U.S. It's
about Boston marathon bombing in April 2013 and what happened to this
one guy (Jake Gyllenhaal) who lost his legs in explosion. The focus is
on his family, especially the relations with on-again- off-again
girlfriend (Tatiana Maslany). It's actually the second movie about the
sad event, following Patriots Day" released in November 2016  two
months later in Estonian cinemas. Luckily for variety's sake, the two
are as different as one could hope well, excluding the obligatory
patriotic/uplifting finale, of course. The former falls into
action/thriller/competence porn category and centers on the fervent
terrorist hunt after the event. Stronger" shows that the worst
actually comes after the explosion, when survivors have to pick
themselves up and continue with their lives. It eschews any
action-based approach and ventures boldly into dark relationship drama
/ character study territory which is great because the leading man Jake
Gyllenhaal is good for this type of thing. Stronger" is promoted as an
inspirational movie which doesn't come as a surprise considering the
subject of the story and it's importance in modern American history.
But its approach to what may be considered as inspirational is
refreshingly different from expectations. The story concentrates on how
the main character was something of a big baby living under mother's
shadow to begin with, and the situ did not turn for the better after
the personal tragedy. The family is bunch of (lower) working-class
nobodies also, and the makers deserve credit for having been able to
build suspense based on just watching their regular life, with
drinking, arguing, cumulating stress and all. The girlfriend is the
only other major character, and if you wish for more strong female
figures in modern movies, you are in for a real treat. Erin is written
an ordinary woman by any means but Tatiana Maslany (Orphan Black")
plays her into something great and memorable, which compensates well
his wounded boyfriend's dark brooding. It's a great performance and one
of the things you will probably remember long from this movie. As
anticipated, Gyllenhaal's performance is just as good or even better.
It's suitable territory for this versatile young actor who never fears
to step in the dark side. The moodiness and brooding energy he brings
to the role largely defines the whole movie, and how much you like the
whole movie probably depends on how well you are able to emphatize with
his character and its obvious weakneses and shortcomings. Oscar
nominations are a real possibility, especially both for Gyllenhaal and
Maslany. I could also see it happening for David Gordon Green the
director and John Pollono for adapted screenplay (the story is based on
a book written about real events, as said above). If they get lucky,
Stronger" will also snag Oscar noms for best movie, and a number of
more technical catgories, including cinematography and make-up. The
almost shockingly unattractive and ordinary looks of the main character
and his family, is really a thing to savor here. Not to mention
Gyllenhaal looking deliciously horrible as a victim, wounds and leg
stumps and all. It's safe to assume that most everybody was probably
expecting certain amount of glamour from this 'uplifting' movie. After
all this long text, I have reached the negative parts which may explain
the rather surprisingly low score of 6. I have to say that Stronger"
bears the usual weaknesses of director David Gordon Green's serious"
movies (you probably know better his comedies such as Pineapple
Express"). Green is adept enough at creating atmosphere and intriguing
start but there's always some noticeable limpness to his brand of
storytelling which makes losing interest before the end a very real
possibility. It's true that Stronger" has much more dramatic punch
than Green's previous known dramas such as Joe", Manglehorn", or
Prince Avalanche", but it still manages to lose much of it somewhere
during the final chapter. The story is just too long, getting more
meandering and self- indulgent toward the end. So Stronger" is pretty
good for the most part, and certainly deserves praise for daring to be
different and doing it well. It's more difficult to predict much box
office success because mainstream crowd would find it too uneventful
and, probably, depressing. Just the same as Green's other serious
movies mentioned above.
