6
Tense and beautiful, but lacking fleshed-out characters.

Based on real life events in 1996, this dramatic thriller tells the
story of Kiwi mountain-climber Rob Hall (Jason Clarke) as he leads a
group of mountaineering enthusiasts on an expedition to the peak of Mt.
Everest. Kicking off with Hall and his team boarding a plane to Nepal,
there's very little backstory provided for any of the numerous players
being followed, with the focus squarely on their physically demanding
journey ahead. And here's the rub: the film homes in so intently on the
climb itself, with gorgeous cinematography and tense, cleverly designed
set pieces, that it doesn't take the time to actually make us care for
those in this life-threatening situation. Additional groundwork from
the onset getting to know the eclectic group of adventurers better
could have upped the ante even more, adding extra heft in the second
half when things don't go according to plan. Yet there's no denying
Icelandic director Baltasar Kormakur (Contraband, 2 Guns) presents the
action and generates thrills with impressive craftsmanship, aided by
seamless CGI and Salvatore Totino's Oscar-worthy photography. It's one
of those rare motion pictures where the employment of 3D genuinely
intensifies the experience too, lending depth and height to the
extraordinary environment that is Mt. Everest. Kormakur also lands a
cast to die for  including Clarke, Jake Gyllenhaal, John Hawkes, Josh
Brolin, Keira Knightely, Robin Wright and Emily Watson  but wastes
most of them, especially the women, in slight roles with no meat on the
bones. Everest is a solid cinematic outing with just enough excitement
and tension to compensate for the frustratingly underdeveloped
characters.
