10
Jackman shines in dark thriller

Prisoners movie reviewPrisoners is a Mystery/Thriller film starring Hugh Jackman, Jake
Gyllenhaal, Terrence Howard, and Paul Dano. Prisoners is a film about
two families who both of their daughters get kidnapped and both of the
families with the help of the police, investigate and look for their
daughters. This is a very dark, grim, and at times is a hard film to
sit through. That being said, I have created a PainOmeter scale out of
five (five being the worst) to inform you guys if you simply cannot
take very violent and painful scenes. This will be addressed along will
the film's final score. I loved this film! Hugh Jackman plays Anna's
father and is the protagonist of the film. You can see how Jackman
really loses his rag and does a great job as Keller Dover. There is one
scene that involves Jackman doing something that I won't spoil but you
will notice it and go WOW! The story is also very thought provoking and
will keep you on the edge of your seat because of the direction and
character building involved with this movie. Also Paul Dano who plays
Alex Jones, is this weird adult with the IQ of a ten year old and is
the main suspect of the investigation. I thought he nailed just the
right tone of the character and was hard to "look at" at times. My
favorite part of the film was surprisingly Jake Gyllenhaal's
performance as the detective looking for the missing girls. Gyllenhaal
still plays the role of a cop very well after all of that training for
End Of Watch. Another great part of the film is that it manages to
never take a rest on character building and story development. I hate
when films give you time to take a break then start all over again and
this film really avoids that entirely. I really have no problems with
the film except for the runtime. Even though this was a great movie I
just couldn't go for a perfect grade of an A+. I will give Prisoners an
A solid.
