9
An extremely well put together film

I really loved this movie. I thought the filmmakers handled this movie
very intelligently and brilliantly. They put a strong emphasis on
building a super creepy atmosphere rather than focus on pointless blood
and gore. Because of this, you're on edge pretty much the whole time. I
can't say it's the scariest thing I've ever seen, but it was certainly
nerve wracking throughout. The plot of the movie revolves around a
brother and sister trying to prove that this weird mirror is haunted
and is responsible for many deaths over the years, including their
father's death. This mirror makes you see things that aren't really
happening and it screws with your perception of reality. It makes the
main characters kind of lose it mentally. The film loses structure and
coherency as the the character's minds deteriorate, and that isn't a
bad thing at all. It adds to the movie really. I thought the
correlation between their state of mind and the film's structure was
pretty cool. Also, the child actors in this movie are fantastic. They
were never annoying and the way they acted like normal children (for
the most part). That being said, it isn't flawless. You could watch
this and completely hate it. I could definitely see the overall
confusing narrative turning people away. It's a fairly subjective movie
I think. You could love it or hate it. That being said, I personally
loved it and I think people should see it.
