7
This film was hilarious and unique.

What We Do in the Shadows is a low-budget, horror comedy about a small
group of vampires that live in an apartment together in modern day New
Zealand. The plot focuses on how these vampires adapt to a new vampire
joining their group. The four initial vampires consist of Deacon,
Petyr, Viago and Vladislav. Each of these vampires come from
drastically different backgrounds and range from a couple hundred to a
several thousand years old. This variety in backgrounds allows the
characters to be very unique and it makes their interactions funny and
interesting. This movie has one goal and one goal, only: the make you
laugh. The plot is not very deep and can sometimes lack flow, but the
jokes are consistently funny so you really don't care. The film is shot
like a documentary. Characters will occasionally talk to the camera
similar to Modern family or the Office. The quick cuts and explanatory
dialogue allows fantastic comedic timing. The special effects are low
budget but are most of the time done very well. Some of the camera
tricks are very impressive and make the scenes feel quite real. The
flying effects are quite poor, though. It is obvious that the actors
are just suspended by wires. This might seem like a negative, but the
way it is portrayed on screen makes it quite hilarious. There are a
couple of brief action scenes which are done well enough. The chases
can get quite shaky, though. This is a rated R film, but the graphic
material was handled very well. There are a few f-words, but they are
rare enough and used to appropriate places most of the time. The blood
is so over-the-top and silly that it didn't bother me at all. If there
is anything that would be extremely graphic, it is blurred out. I
wasn't expecting much when entering the theater, but I left thoroughly
entertained. If you want to laugh and if don't care that the plot is
somewhat irrelevant then you will have a blast.
