4
An OK effort, but falls flat

While this movie has some little scares here and there, it ultimately
falls flat. The premise is a bit fresh for the found footage genre:
Four friends on a road trip to find the best "extreme" haunt, but
inadvertently bring the haunt to themselves. The acting is decent, the
movie looks pretty good but sadly those are the only pluses. The scenes
at the various haunted houses were the most interesting part of this
movie to me, as the absolute idiocy of the characters stretched my
suspension of disbelief. **SPOILERS** For example, after being accosted
by various haunted house workers MULTIPLE TIMES while parking their RV
in the middle nowhere over the course of the movie, the characters
CONTINUE to park their RV in the middle of nowhere in woods or a field
rather than finding a campsite, a WalMart or anywhere else that would
be safer. Especially makes no sense since at least the first few stops
on their haunted house tour are planned, so why wouldn't they also plan
to stop the RV somewhere convenient? They also seem to think being
stalked doesn't need a call to the police or, I don't know...STOPPING
THEIR TRIP?! The female character even almost gets raped by some
haunted house workers, and two seconds later is chomping on snacks in
the RV, happily going onto the "extreme haunt" without a care. This
makes their screams and panicking with each "scary" encounter
ultimately meaningless, because it doesn't ever seem to be enough for
even one of them to suggest that keeping going might be dangerous. By
the middle of the movie I found myself murmuring to myself "They are so
stupid they deserve to get killed." Ultimately even the end of the
movie was kind of 'eh' as there was absolutely no gore or anything
gross to make the hour and twenty minutes you already watched really
worth it. If you are really bored on a rainy Sunday and want to yell at
idiot twenty somethings this movie is for you, otherwise skip it.
