6
Typical Nicholas sparks story. Romance and death

I have always hated Nicholas Sparks. He is not a bad writer; I just
don't like his writings. I don't know if it's just me, but I feel like
there's no point in watching a Nicholas Sparks movie. Its usually a
nice romantic story, but then in the end someone will die, most of the
time it's the main character who we have learned to love throughout the
movie and we will be heart broken thinking what the hell is the point
of his troubles if he cant even spend 10 minutes with the girl. The
lucky one is an average romantic drama. It's the perfect movie to see
over hot tea or hot chocolate alone on the couch at night. I said alone
cause I know most guys will have a bad time having to sit through this
kind of movie haha. I kept shouting 'what the f are you angry for' in
front of my TV because I honestly don't get the girl in the movie is
angry, I cant even remember her name. If a guy, as hot as Zac Efron
would keep my picture as his lucky charm and then walk a freaking
distance to find me and treat me right, I would welcome him with open
arms. I would be touched. Why would I be angry at all? If anyone knows
why I really would like to know cause I'm curious. The plot is
mediocre, typical Nicholas Sparks, the actors are okay, not too
convincing, but okay, still tolerable, especially cause Zac Efron is
really hot, he doesn't look like a kid anymore. Keith tried too hard
trying to look mean, he doesn't even look like a bad guy. Zac doesn't
reflect a marine at all, he is too soft. The girl doesn't look in love
or sad or whatever, she's kind of emotionless. The best actor is
probably the kid. The setting is quite pretty, I really loved the
forest. Overall a 6/10
