10
One of the Best Movies Playing Right Now in Theaters!!!

An FBI agent teams with a town's veteran game tracker to investigate a
murder that occurred on a Native American reservation. Wind River was
one of those films that i did not expect to actually go and see in
Theaters but i'm so glad that i did this is a small budget indie movie
and something very much different than Jeremy Renner and Elizabeth
Olsen usually do especially since they both star in 'Avengers'. This is
more of a character study drama than your regular action film and it
packs some great heavy performances especially from the 2 main leads in
fact Renner delivers his lines with a terrific way, his role isn't just
dramatic but he can pull some actual punches of his own both as an
actor and as a character, Olsen is kind of the rookie type of character
but she is not weak or a character that is annoying in a sense of way
she can actually pull off the acting chops just as good as Renner and
both of them should get nominated for something until the end of the
year, Gil Birmingham and Graham Greene also gave 2 terrific
performances as well and you do get some great moments from the Native
American Culture. Like i said this is more of a character study drama
about fathers and daughters and how a parent learns how to overcome or
basically try to understand that his child won't come back also there
are some great suspenseful scenes and some really great action
sequences that will totally blow you away, the direction that the movie
takes is very good and it's full of great shots left and right plus
there's an unexpected cameo from a fan favorite actor and the whole
'who did it' scenario is clever even tho we have seen it many times
before. Overall this is a great movie and i would totally recommend you
to go and see it in Theaters but just know what to expect this isn't
Avengers 3 it's a film about an awful tragedy and a bunch of brave
people who wanna know what the hell happened. (A+)
