1
Joined IMDb just so I could post a review on this movie

It appears to me that all of the reviews on this movie are either 10/10
or 1/10. To all of those who boast this movie is "The best movie ever
created" or "a most inspiring masterpiece", your reviews, to me, are
incredibly naive. If you can actually decipher this movie then sure I
suppose I can see where you get your "masterpiece" view. What's
happening here though is that you are focusing purely on 'the story'
and completely forgetting that it's a movie. You are finding some sort
of poetry that makes sense to you and inspires you. Where you are naive
is when you say 'the movie' is what is great. What is great, in
reality, is the story. You would be just as well served by reading the
book. The movie, however, is so horrible it's painful. If the movie was
a Shakespearean play performed in Shakespearean times then I can
understand how people could enjoy it. It honestly views as a play on a
stage. The made up languages, accents, and ways of speaking are so
outlandish it's impossible to follow, and horribly acted... The feeling
of the movie is fake and incredibly laughable; especially when it's
clear that the director was going for realism and suspense but failed
so very horribly. If you are looking to be inspired and want to see
what people are talking about with their 10/10 reviews then I would
suggest you read the book. Or watch the movie, I don't care, but most
of you will spend 3 hours of your life like I did wincing at the
horribleness of this movie.
