10
Gorgeous visual feast for sci-fi fans

Lets the the elephant out of the room first: this film has got some
aficionados jumping because a) they feel the film has lost something in
translation (that it's been dumbed down) from the original, and b)
Scarlet Johansson is not Japanese. ****Spoiler alert!**** Lets address
each in turn: firstly: there are many people complaining this is the
easy version, the plot is less complex; the nuances of the original,
lost. It's been years since I've seen the anime original, so I cannot
comment on the two films side-by-side, but I'd say this version still
asks questions of what it is to be human. Is it memory? It isn't what
is explicitly said in the film sometimes. It's what is implied  so the
plot isn't as 'spelled out' as critics might imply. When Motoko visits
her Mum  there is a part of her that is stirred yet this stirring
cannot be from memory because her memories (the implanted ones) were
false. And yes, she was given the door number as a key to her past 
but that was it. Somehow, we too feel her stirrings towards her
ancestral home. And her Mum  what a beautiful and stirring
performance! Her Mum sees her  looks into her eyes  and just 'knows'
this is her daughter returned to her. It's a beautiful moment that
tells us that the soul will transcend any shell given to it; that the
soul will reveal itself in the end. I'd seen the original years ago. I
expected to be engaged visually but I never thought I could be
emotionally moved by this film, but I was blown away by the whole
thing. I'd viewed this in 3D and I was utterly spellbound by the
visuals. Stunning. I hope to see this again at the cinema soon  there
aren't many films that stand a second viewing. I found there was a
subtext below the gung-ho, Hollywood movie. It's a glorious mix of the
usual Hollywood bravado and questions about what it is to be human. b):
Scarlet Johannson as Motoko: She is. Get over it. :-)
