10
Not just another teen movie!

This movie hearkens back to early John Hughes, back when Molly Ringwald
was his muse. The dialogue shows that Jon Kasdan was paying attention
when his dad was penning those excellent screenplays for Grand Canyon,
The Big Chill and others. The direction is subtle, and the performances
pitch perfect. Watching Dave and Aubrey fall quietly and quickly in
love was both beautiful and amusing. Their obvious attraction to each
other, or at least mutual interest is played out without fanfare in a
wonderfully organic way. It was interesting to see Victoria Justice,
obviously the "big" name in the cast play against type in her small but
pivotal role. Kudos also to the part of Big Corporation. His character,
while once again small, is essential. His physical presence, and the
fact that he is silent in his first couple of scenes, makes his advice
to Dave near the end all the more surprising. For me, he is one the
lynch pins for the movie. Now as to Aubrey and Dave. WOW! Watching the
actors inhabit these characters and avoid the clich√©s and stereotypes
that could have easily have made this just another sex farce was
wonderful to behold. I also admit that Dave reminds me of myself 40
years ago. A good guy, possibly carrying the torch for the wrong girl
but being so obviously sweet and caring that Aubrey was able to see it,
even without wanting to. Spoiler: the seduction scene is wonderfully
poignant and funny and, most importantly, true to life. The truth is,
rarely is the first time smooth going, much less rapturous. All in all,
a very good movie that I would recommend to anyone, especially teens as
they approach that fantastic and torturous time of their lives called
high school.
