6
Keeping Up With The Joneses

Can't say this was something I was very excited to see this film. The
trailers didn't really pop out for me apart from a very attractive Gal
Gadot in lingerie. I'd honestly say the best part of the film is seeing
the two lovely leads looking very attractive. Maybe that sounds a bit
crass but its honestly the best part of a film that doesn't meet
expectations.The film is about an average couple who get attractive but mysterious
new neighbors who they suspect are spies. One of the main things I kept
thinking while watching the film, is how the cast is wasted. I'm a big
fan of Jon Hamm and thought he was riveting as Don Draper on Mad Men.
While that is a serious role, I've seen Hamm in a comedic environment
and think he is quite good in what should be an unconventional role for
him. He's really wasted in this. A lot of the film is composed of jokes
or moments that do not elicit laughs. Galifianakis is good when he is
working with the right material but even he can't bring any smiles
here. Gadot is seriously a gorgeous marvel. I'm so glad she's Wonder
Woman as I think she will excel in her own film. Her amazonian beauty
is on full display here. Isla also looks great as she always does. I've
gone into complementing actresses because that's how bland this film
is.I'm going to keep this short as this film doesn't warrant an
introspective analysis. The verdict- skip it. A so so idea, that never
takes off. Its a shame because the film boasts a talented cast who
really tried. The one real positive I can see from this is Gadot is in
more things and is becoming a big star with every role.6/10
