1
Utterly heartbroken by this disastrous monstrosity

Dear Ridley Scott, You've ruined my life, you've ruined the lives of
others, you've ruined your own life. I genuinely think you have a
mental disorder. It's the only explanation. I have no words. I tried to
write a fair, logical and critical review, but the 10,000 character
limit wasn't enough to cover the sheer volume and perplexity and
magnitude of brain hurting plot holes, editing, directing, story,
acting and absurdity of the nonsensical destruction of the very thing
you created. If I had the rest of your life to sit and explain the
utter repugnance and absurdity of every choice you have made, it would
still not be enough. Everything, is wrong. Even your own wrongs are
wrong about the wrongs you've already wronged. I'm speechless. I'm just
going to breath. Breath and try to remain calm as I remove every piece
of Alien: Covenant and Prometheus from my mind. I feel dirty and
infected, repulsed by this miasma of psycho vomit you have inflicted
upon me.My brain feels like the magical, inexplicable, story excusing black
ooze... that's sometimes dust... and sometimes from insects... and
sometimes is used as a plot device to explain absolutely nothing, and
destroy people in vastly conflicting and apparently never ending ways,
including itself. Perhaps from the ashes of my DNA, new life will be
made. But apparently, not all the time. So I don't even have hope.
Clearly, nothing makes sense anymore.Yours sincerely
