1
Pixar, how far you have fallen...because this movie was terrible. Really.

There are a few reasons why I consider this movie terrible and why I
find it so horrifying that it's current rating is 8.5 when Spirited
Away--one of the best animated movies ever created--is sitting at 8.6.
Long story short, the characters were for the most part difficult to
like. Joy was thoughtlessly cruel and condescending to Sadness and the
other emotions, and Riley--the girl we're all supposed to love and find
easy to relate to--was extremely obnoxious/egocentric and rubbed me the
wrong way for the entire movie. I resented the stereotypes that were
used and found them more than a little insulting. For example, Riley
has an "imaginary boyfriend" at the age of 12. I don't know about you
people, but I find this extremely concerning. 12 year old girls should
NOT be thinking that they should have boyfriends at their age--while it
may start out innocent, it can unconsciously encourage premature sexual
thoughts and activity, which is EXTREMELY unhealthy and dangerous at
their age. Also, I don't personally know any girls (including myself)
who ACTUALLY had imaginary boyfriends. Ever. Let alone at 12! And don't
even get me started on the imaginary friend Bing-Bong. BING-BONG!
That's actually his name! I found him irritating and, frankly,
disturbing. Now, don't get me wrong, I'm sure young children will LOVE
this movie, and maybe some parents and teenagers as well. However, on
the whole, I would NOT consider it up to par with other Disney Pixar
movies. It was compared to "UP" for Pete's sake--the movie that had
EVERYONE crying within the first 10 minutes! It was an enormous let-
down for me, especially since all the raving had really caused me to
build it up, which made it all the more disappointing. Therefore, watch
at your own peril. Consider yourself warned.
