8
Big Eyes was a compelling film about the career of Margaret Keane and her hubby Walter's initial grabbing credit for her work

Just watched this with Mom on a Netflix disc. We both were enthralled
by this true story of painter Margaret Keane (Amy Adams) whose defining
feature is the big eyes of her subjects and hubby Walter Keane
(Christoph Waltz) who publicly takes credit for her work for years. It
takes place from the late '50s through the '60s and partly seems a
comment on how stifled Mrs. Keane felt not being the one getting
recognition for her work and the crises that created between her and
her husband, not to mention her daughter who was often the subject for
the paintings. Tim Burton seems the right director for this film
especially when he has Margaret dreaming or during the climatic
courtroom scenes. The light and dark colors also contribute to the
period atmosphere to pretty compelling effect. While I liked many of
the supporting characters, I had to admit I was a bit disappointed by
the one portrayed by Krysten Ritter as I half thought she'd play more
in the way things turned out in the film than she did. Still, Big Eyes
was mostly enjoyable enough the way it was told. P.S. I had also
watched a vintage interview with the real Walter Keane on Merv Griffin
on YouTube in which he seemed to flirt with a female guest there. (The
cad!) Then I saw a couple of interviews on YT with the real Margaret
Keane on Mike Douglas' shows-one in Hawaii and one with Shirley Temple
whose child portrait Ms. Keane painted for her-and her Southern charm
shone through immensely!
