5
no

Just, no. It has worthwhile aspects. It's about intelligent, literate
people. I imagine they can find Brazil and count to 100. The scenery is
beautiful. Everyone wants a California beach house. The cast is
beautiful. The story is interesting but it's also immoral, shallow and
predictable. I'm not a big Greg Kinnear fan, please shave. The opening
peeping tom scene is just creepy. Ick; no thank you; my eyes, my eyes;
dude there are things you cannot un-see. Is it just me, it's wrong to
have casual sex with your married neighbor. Don't do it; failing that
stop claiming to be "waiting"; failing that at least feel bad about it.
Our lead displays none of those emotions. I get it, your ex-wife is
banging a hunk with a six pack; you can't just stand there. I am not a
stone. If Kristen Bell says 20 minutes I'm in trouble but you do not
get to cheat on your spouse simply because he or she did first. These
people are shallow. Although; perhaps not by Hollywood standards. Life
offers lots of bad experiences too; to those, just say no. Here's a
spoiler we never get any clues as to what happens to Kate, she's
disposable. The worst part is I didn't expect to. I spent my evening
correctly predicting huge parts of this movie and it wasn't all due to
good foreshadowing. Here comes the dog. She gets drunk. She's dead. It
feels like a copy of a copy. It doesn't ring true. It's deeply,
desperately, passionately in love with whats-her-name.
