9
For a life long Bond fan this is just about the best movie in the series. Has the feel of a classic Bond movie. LOVED it. I say A

"He knows us. He's one of us. He comes from the same place as Bond, a
place you say doesn't exist, the shadows." The world's greatest secret
agent is back, but is the need for an agent outdated in today's modern
world? After MI-6 is attacked and M (Dench) is brought under scrutiny
by the government Bond (Craig) alone is left to find out who is behind
the attack while M is trying to both help Bond and defend the need for
an agency that has been compromised. I know that a review is really not
needed here, being the 23rd Bond movie either you will watch it or not.
I am a huge fan of the series and was really looking forward to this
after hearing this is the best Bond movie yet. I have really loved the
Craig movies but for some reason they never had the feel of a Bond
movie to me, I wasn't sure what was missing but they didn't have the
same feel. Knowing that they were re-booting the series I was lenient
and with this one the re-boot is complete. This had much more of a feel
of a classic Bond movie and by the end I was excited to see the next
one. I got chills watching a few times and especially at the end. This
had possibly the best opening and ending to a Bond movie ever. I could
go on and on about this but I will just say if you love Bond you will
love this, if you have never seen one then this one will make you a
fan. Overall, From Russia With Love is my favorite Bond movie but this
a very close second, and I think may be more re-watchable. I wanted to
watch this one again as soon as the movie was over. I give this a very
high A.
