6
A realistic Sci-Fi film with a good plot but with some flaws

"The Circle" is an above average science fiction film. There are many
things this film does really well but there are a few things that make
the film not live up to it's potential. It has a gripping plot, good
use of sound, and is fairly unpredictable. Unfortunitly there are some
things that distract the watcher from the main story. Mostly this comes
from lackluster character development from some of the side characters.
Namely Ty. Ty is the developer of the main software the circle is using
to sell user's data. This is his entire character. The movie only uses
him to start the plot and then forgets about him. Throughout the movie
there are some crappy lines of dialogue. All of them coming from the
character Mercer. Mercer is also a victim to bad character development
this is because he is only there for a few scenes and then gets killed
off. I have not read the book this movie was based on so i can only
review it as a stand alone movie so, if one has not already read the
book then there is a good plot that can't be predicted from the start
of the movie. At the beginning of the movie I took the guess that the
main character would simply team up with Ty, and Merser to over-
through The Circle. This did not happen thankfully. If one has no
previous knowledge of the story of the movie then the watcher will
probably enjoy this movie. There isn't that much to say about this
movie to be honest. It does most of what it trys to do well and doesn't
try to do things the story can't handle. Over all the movie is above
average and enjoyable. I would personally give it a 6/10.
