10
Anderson's finest yet?

In the past, Anderson has whirled us from melancholy dreamscapes set
deep below the Pacific to tales of inter-generation betrayals in the
name of love, from doomed romances in Paris hotels to deliriously
bizarre animal revolutions in the English countryside. But for all the
retro-stylings his films so proudly wear, Moonrise Kingdom is
Anderson's first period piece - a tender love story set in the
sepia-soaked sixties of Anderson's youth that have worked their
influence into every one of his movies. It is fitting that this film is
his most childlike - not in any way any simpler than his other films
(as anyone with an accurate memory of childhood will remember all it's
complexities; the way each trivial thing became a nest of thorns), but
an accurate and deeply heartfelt depiction of childhood. It is not
aiming to be as crushingly dramatic as Life Aquatic or as deeply tragic
as Hotel Chevalier, because that wouldn't be appropriate for the story
it's trying to tell. Instead, while still bearing Anderson's still
surprising streak of black humour (some acts of violence really catch
you off-guard; then again, children are violent so hats off Wes), it is
largely concerned with the dramas and tragedies of youth. Yes, it is
less ambitious than say The Life Aquatic but it also has none of the
flaws that that film does (and believe me, I am a massive Steve Zissou
fan). Instead, it is perfectly executed, wonderfully acted poignant
beauty, with fantastic performances across the board (especially from
newcomers Gilman and Hayward). This, while not his most ambitious, is
certainly Anderson's most perfect work so far. You owe it to yourself
to see this movie.
