4
Not sure I saw the same movie that people are raving about...

The plot was predictable. The characters aren't original. I guess the
younger crowd and die hard fans will probably like it but as an avid
movie fan Guardians kind of disappointed me. Acting was kind of
terrible too. Bautista played Drax as if Drax was TRYING to sound
intelligent. He couldn't pull off the smart brute. Zoe tried too hard
to be bad a$$ and it wasn't natural. The Collector... Don't get me
started... What reason was there for The Collector to even open and
show anybody the Infinity Stone? It's a super powerful object that he
knew was very powerful, why show Thanos' daughter or the outlaw? The
bad guys were the worst, so campy. Ronin reminded me of a pro wrestler
during an interview. Like Ultimate Warrior on a rant. Only good acting
came from Thanos and Rocket. Yep, the CGIs. The final battle was whack.
The ships lined up to form a net to stop the super ship and the good
guy ships were below shooting bad guy ships who we're dive bombing the
city. The worst was when they tried to replicate that scene in Avengers
when Hulk was slamming Loki around but instead it was Groot shooting
his tendrils through a bunch of bad guys and skewering them then
slamming them unnecessarily back and forth against walls. The ending
was so cheesy when John C Reiley was all sappy about his wife and kid
being saved who they showed in the end as a woman and her daughter who
earlier was part of a scene where they were almost crushed.
Booooring.... The movie wasn't terrible but after reading the super
reviews on IMDb, I had to say something.
