10
Warning! This is a musical!

Half the hate reviews I'm seeing on this website are all saying "The
trailers didn't announce that it was a musical". 1. The music in the
trailer is the character's singing voices! Please pick up on that! 2.
Yes, it is a musical. I really don't see how a movie can get so much
hate just because they didn't know it was a musical! At least try to
appreciate the music in it instead of just hating it because you don't
like actual singing. 3. THIS WAS ORIGINALLY BASED ON A STAGE PLAY BACK
IN THE 80'S, OF COURSE IT IS GOING TO BE FREAKING LONG! Honestly the
people act as if they've never sat through a 2 hour movie before!
Schindler's List was over 3 hours and that is a freaking masterpiece,
but god forbid a musical being just over two hours. 4. If you came in
to just see Johnny Depp: Stop being so stupid and be warned he's only
in the movie for 5 minutes. 5. IT'S PG-13! It warns you that some
scenes will frighten young children. However if you think that the
movie version is disturbing then don't take your kids to the stage
play! In my opinion. I loved this version just as much as the stage play. I
have high hopes for Lilla Crawford and that she gets more roles in
other movies. Her voice was phenomenal and Stephen Sondheim's musicals
are a bit of a challenge to play in. So my respects to her. Anna
Kendrick's voice was amazing, and she played a brilliant Cinderella.
Meryl Streep is brilliant as always. Emily Blunt had a hidden talent I
wasn't aware of. The two men (forgot the names sorry) who played the
two prince's had great voices too! I could go through the cast and
break down on their talent, but I think I'd go over the 1, 000 word
count. But please be warned, this is a musical. I believe it is a great
musical and I really want others to give it a chance. It sucks that
that the rating is 6.6 and I'm afraid it will get lower :( 10/10
