1
Some of the worst writing I have ever seen

I was first reluctant to see this film when my friend invited me but
after seeing that it has a whopping 8.1 rating and remembering that the
previous films were quite enjoyable I was prepared to see a truly good
movie. I was incredibly disappointed. **SPOILERS** My first trouble
with the film happened with the appearance of the little girl, who
seemed to serve absolutely no purpose other than to spontaneously cause
tear- jerking moments which were accompanied by sad music in every
instance. Throughout the film there must have been around 10 of these,
all of them completely pointless and forced. It also baffled me that
she had close to 0 reaction to her father dying yet, when a gorilla who
she had known for literally one day died, she wept like it was her
brother. Another massive problem is that the entire plot of this movie
hinges on one condition: that every single person out of the ~1,000
soldiers at the concentration camp is a complete and utter imbecile.
Caesar's crew is running around right outside of the walls of the camp?
Of course no one notices, why would anyone be on over-watch at a
military base? All of the monkeys escape from their cages? Of course
there was only one person watching over them. In addition to that, for
the duration of what seemed like 10 minutes no one else even noticed
that all the monkeys were gone or that the single guard watching over
them was killed. Are these real soldiers!? Even statistically, what are
the chances that not a single soldier looked at a cage that is in plain
view from any part of the camp. These were just the most glaring issues
I had with the film. So little thought went into the script. These are
incredibly basic problems which could have been fixed with even the
slightest effort, This movie was so incredibly dumb that even my friend
who doesn't have much interest in film asked me if I wanted to leave
before the film was over.
