10
Brilliant and painfully honest

You know when you see those movies and you say they just don't make
these anymore. Well this is that type of movie. Joining the ranks of
the best teen movies ever made and possibly the most honest of the
bunch The Spectacular now is absolutely brilliant. The film centers on
Sutter played charmingly by Miles Teller a charming teenage alcoholic
who after a breakup with his girlfriend Cassidy befriends a painfully
Naive young girl names Aimee played effortlessly by the mega talented
Shailene Woodley. Both of the characters are so complex and so is their
story. Like so many other films concerning this age group it is coming
of age but unlike most others it doesn't fall into any clich√©s and
offers no easy answers. Equally moving, touching, hilarious and even a
little shocking this film is painfully genuine. A true testament to the
choices and experiences that shape you as a person. Miles Teller is
brilliant as Sutter he's charming and damaged you go back and forth
between loving and hating him and easily relatable sometimes in the
worst ways and very reminiscent of a young John Cusack in his hey day.
Shailene Woodley is so confident in her portrayal of Aimee so naive,
vulnerable and insecure desperately in search of acceptance and love
because of her home situation. But that's not where the great
performances end. Mary Elizabeth Winstead as Sutter's sister Holly
steals her scenes, Brie Larson as his girlfriend Cassidy, Jennifer
Jason Leigh as his hard working mother Sara, Kyle Chandler as his
father and just the whole cast feels so real. The Spectacular Now isn't
just the bets film of the year it's an incredible experience. It's the
type f film you leave haven't learned something. A film that inspires
you to make changes. 5/5
