7
Original and Above Average Action Film

Christian Wolff (Ben Affleck) is an efficient accountant that is
usually hired to find financial deceptions and embezzlement for
criminal organizations. His point of contact is a woman's voice by
phone and the means of payment are sometimes valuable paintings or gold
bars instead of money. Christian was an autistic child that received a
rigid military training with his brother Braxton from their paranoid
military father. The director of the Treasure Department Raymond "Ray"
King (J.K. Simmons) has been unsuccessfully hunting The Accountant for
a long period and he blackmails the efficient analyst Marybeth Medina
(Cynthia Addai-Robinson) to identify who he is before his retirement.
When the accountant Dana Cummings (Anna Kendrick) finds an embezzlement
of 61 million-dollars in the Living Robotics, Christian is hired to
audit the company by the owner Lamar Blackburn (John Lithgow) and his
sister Rita Blackburn (Jean Smart). The financial director Ed Chilton
(Andy Umberger) tells that Dana committed a mistake but soon Christian
checks the books and confirms the embezzlement. During the night,
Chilton is murdered as if he had committed suicide and Lamar finishes
the audit affecting Christian that have not finished his work. Soon
Dana and he are hunted down by hit men and Christian protects her.
Meanwhile Median finds his true identity and Christian is hunted by Ray
and the FBI. Who might be the person behind the embezzlement? "The Accountant" is an original and above average action film. The cast
has great performances; the screenplay using flashbacks is intriguing
since the very beginning and the plot point in the end is a great
surprise to the audiences. The ratings indicates that viewers usually
like this film that has elements for a good franchise. My vote is
seven.Title (Brazil): "O Contador" ("The Accountant")
