1
This movie is utter stupidity, waste of time - save yourself from this trash!

This must be one of the most stupid movies in recent memory, and not
only in sci-fi genre. It takes a fascinating premise of technological
singularity, and then trashes it in a way only the most talentless of
the Hollywood money infused brainwashing idiots could. The level of
banality, predictability and plain BOREDOM in this painfully long 2
hour movie is appalling. There are almost no redeeming qualities, save
for some nice CGI effects that could do well in a mediocre sci-fi game.
But intellectually, this movie is a dumbing, tiresome experience, too
boring to capture attention of anyone, let alone 3-5 year old
screenwriters' intellectual peers. This is trash at its worst. Compared
to this, the famed "Room" is a masterpiece - it is at least great in
being bad. This movie is consistently tedious, empty and shallow,
illogical and plain stupid, but even in its stupidity and trashiness it
is merely - mediocre. The only thing it is good for is wasting your
time and making you feel annoyed that you gave a chance to this utter
demonstration of complete lack of not only talent, but basic brain
functions of the authors of the movie, especially those who "worked" on
the so-called "script". A Google translate AI from mixture of Arabic,
Chinese and Swahili would generate a more valuable and sensible piece
of screen writing and I am talking about a mumble-jumble version of
some years ago. The movie appeals to morons only, from techno-naive
places like Bulgaria who swallow Hollywood trash with their GMO cancer
inducing drugs, happy in their oblivion. Don't waste your time and
nerves!
