3
Dull and Forgettable

The word "insurgent" means to actively revolt, implying some
distinctiveness that sets its participants apart from the norm.
Ironically, the film Insurgent, a faded photocopy of other teen-
scifi-dramas, doesn't have a single unique bone in its body. Not that
it's aggressively terrible. There are some decent scifi elements and
even a couple of mildly intriguing moments. But like clockwork, every
slight turn for the better is quickly overwhelmed by extreme boredom.
Like a forgettable SyFy channel series masquerading as a blockbuster
film, Insurgent is simply a dull and uninteresting sequel. That word
"sequel" should connote a progression of sorts, but no. As little as I
remember about the previous entry in the Divergent Series, I can tell
you this: shaky cam action scenes, bloviating about "special ones", and
constant fighting for the McGuffin-of-the- week were the focus and are
still in full form here. At the center is Woodley, an actress with a
whole heckuva lot of talent that simply doesn't have the presence of
strength to carry this sort of role. She presents a microcosm problem
for an entire film full of great actors terribly miscast. Teller and
Elgort manage some natural charisma and charm from their otherwise
absent characters, Watts and Spencer are all but completely missing,
and Winslet is just plain wasted. It's none of their fault; they just
can't make the embarrassingly constant melodrama palatable. Even if it
was laughably bad there might be something to cling to, but it's not
bold enough to even warrant that reaction. Insurgent only serves as a
lame, achingly dull placeholder until the next Hunger Games
installment.
