6
Could Have Been Told A Lot Better

This telling about the 2004 tsunami that killed in excess of 250,000
people hit both critical acclaim and controversy when it was released .
Naomi Watts was Oscar nominated as best actress but there were some
outcries that the characters had been changed from Spanairds to
Anglo-Saxons for no good reason . This wasn't a case of arrogant
Hollywood changing characters in order to bring audience identification
to a true life story because THE IMPOSSIBLE is in fact a Spanish film
with a Spanish production team and one wonders why the producers
couldn't have put some native Spanairds in front of the camera ? Would
the film have suffered if we had Javier Bardem and Penelope Cruz
playing Henry and Maria ? There wouldn't have even needed to speak in
their native tongues Where THE IMPOSSIBLE does succeed is in the devastating spectacle of
the tsunami itself which has to be seen to be believed and is a
technical miracle in film making . The fall out from this tidal wave
which ended hundreds of thousands of human lives is well realised but
from a dramatic point of view is very flawed . You see both Maria and
her son Lucas both survive the disaster and are separated from Henry
and the two other sons Tomas and Simon who believe Maria and Lucas are
dead . Of course the audience know they aren't which means we're one
step ahead of Henry . Put it like this - the story would have worked
much , much better if the story had been told entirely through Henry's
eyes where the audience are put through his point of view where he
believes his wife and son are dead only to have to the audience to
experience great joy at the end when he finds out Maria and Lucas have
survived . It might have meant Naomi Watts missing out on an Oscar
nomination but would have made for a more dramatic film . As it stands
Watts performance and the tsunami scene are by far the best things
about a film that's not as good as it could have been
