2
Point Break (2015)

I sincerely hope the original Point Break is much different than this
lifeless, hippy-dippy, overblown Mountain Dew commercial. I've never
seen the original movie, so I have no bias towards it. Based on the
movie's own merit's, the Point Break remake is laughably awful. In
Point Break, a rookie FBI agent tracks down a group of extreme athletes
who go around the world carrying out crimes in unusual and
life-threatening ways; they plan to do a series of near- impossible
stunts called the Ozaki 8 in hopes of reaching spiritual enlightenment.
At least, that was the plot for about ten minutes before the movie
devolves into a series of party scenes and surprisingly dull extreme
sports clips that could have been easily viewed on YouTube, all set to
irritating club music. It takes a special director to make BASE jumping
and cliff diving this boring. Ericson Core builds as little suspense as
possible in his action set pieces and instead films admittedly
well-shot highlights reels for the action scenes. Any sort of suspense
conjured up is because of the great cinematography because the
characters are so flat and annoying that you almost wish they would get
killed off. Everyone in this movie acts stoned out of their mind. All
they do is spit faux- philosophical nonsense which gets tiring after
the first twenty minutes. It gets laughable towards the end of the
movie with lines like "Ideas are strong. But not as strong as a whaling
ship," and no amount of context will make that line any less
ridiculous. The unbearable dialog, muddled plot and dull characters
makes this Point Break remake utterly pointless. If you're not a fan of
remakes, this will make you reach your breaking point.
