10
Hidden Gem

I watched this movie on Netflix a couple nights ago, and was very
impressed. I had heard great reviews of this film and ever since
watching season 1 of True Detective I've become a huge fan of this
"new" Matthew McConaughey we've recently been introduced too. He isn't
just some muscular guy who always ends up with his shirt off anymore. I
think ever since The Lincoln Lawyer came out, Matthew McConaughey has
become an excellent actor. He is indeed excellent in Mud. This movie is
just so well done. There isn't really much wrong with it at all. The
only thing I think that would've made the movie better is if the bad
guys were explained, or developed, a little bit more. Personally, I
wanted to know a bit more about them and their back story. All we knew
was that they were after Mud to get revenge (I don't want to spoil
anything so I won't say more than that), but then again, that's
essentially all we needed to know. Knowing more about them would've
been interesting, but it wouldn't really have affected the plot. So
like I said, there really isn't much wrong with this movie at all. All
the acting held up, it had an interesting plot, the protagonists were
developed very well, and it had a great score by David Wingo. I was
very impressed with the young Tye Sheridan's acting in this as well.
Bottom line, this movie is a hidden gem and was completely overlooked
by The Academy for what reason, I don't know. But it deserves more
recognition for being a great film. If you have Netflix or know someone
who does, sit down one evening and treat yourself to the great movie
that is "Mud".
