8
Something Special

I didn't want to like it. Despite what you may think I don't want to
like movies like this . I hate myself for it. But there's such an
overwhelming charm when things are executed just right and I just can't
help it. Pitch Perfect centers on Becca played the emerging star Anna
Kendrick (in a role which will solidify her status if it its as big as
it deserves ) a freshman at college. Her father is a professor and
she's angsty and rebellious. After a brief set up we enter the unknown
world of acapella singing, Which is singing with no instruments.
Apparently a huge thing at this college and we meet different groups
there well 2 mostly the troublemakers an all male group that always
slays the competition and the Bellas who churn out the same old
fashioned nonsense and are recovering from a year that didn't end well
to say the least. After some persuasion Becca joins the Bellas looking
to add some of her much needed zest to liven up the competition.I'm
sure you can guess what happens and it's no lie that the film is
formulaic in that way. However, the approach to the material is what
differentiates it. It's handled with an original, saucy, smart
originality. it doesn't downplay it's focus but instead celebrates it
in all it's corny glory. The film takes a little getting used to but
about half way through i was so sold on all the wonderful characters
and the films undeniable charm. Filled with exciting musical numbers
and solid performances from Anna Kendrick, Rebel Wilson as Fat Amy, the
adorable Skylar Kenstin as Beccas love interest and so many others
Pitch perfect is something truly special. Not to say t's flawless it's
a little amateur in spots and Brittany Snow's character feels a little
confusing. But it's easy to overlook the small stuff when the film is
so entertaining.
