6
the imagination is drying up...

well..i am a big fan of any fantasy, fiction, science fiction, horror ,
mystery etc films all my life..the unknown is fascinating me...i have
seen thousands of films of this kind..some good , some bad, some
interesting, some childish, some boring, some cruel, some
excellent...but i notice that the inspiration is drying up already
(with the exception of ''snow piercer '' which fascinated me for some
reasons)....the last years we see again and again, the same and the
same scenario... a story beginning with a little mystery and ending
with a big battle against the main evil character..we have seen all
kind of evil so far...vampires, demons, werewoolves, ghosts, monsters,
evil aliens, zombies, witches, dinosaurs, etc etc...i appreciate the
effort of the producers to entertain us, but we now need a new kind of
threat or fear or theme...lets say something about the matter of St
John s revelation..or the matter of flat earth..or the matter of hollow
earth..or the matter of several dimensions..or the matter of Cern ..or
a good adaption of arthur clark s ''end of childhood''...or the matter
of nephelim below the surface in hades..or a good adaptation of ''life
after death'' by the book of Emmanuel Swedenborg... or a good
adaptation of Enoh book of fallen angels...so many new things to
handle...its time for the writers to adapt in these new challenges...no
more vampires or zombies, its enough, OK! thank u for all your offering
to our entertainment, but its time to go forward, the next step
front.,, (i like vin diesel though).
