1
So crap it's an insult to crap, to call it crap

I just finished watching this production, as it doesn't deserve to be
called a film, with a burning desire to gouge my own eyes out. I'm a
huge fan of the books and was insulted with the whole movie. I also
couldn't believe that they left out key events like the:*Sirens *Hermes being cool *Clarisse being a total bitch *Circe's
island *Pirates and the queen Ann's revenge *The swordfight on the
yacht between Luke and Percy *The dazed mortals on the ship *Tyson
being a clumsy, but lovable Cyclops with a gift in the forge *Tantalus
and his reign of terror The list is endless. But had the nerve to
replace it with crap like this: *An amusement park on a Cyclops island
*Percy hugging Tysonfor ever instead of grabbing the fleece *Kronos
(more powerful then the Gods) Yet was beaten in mere seconds *That
climbing wall scene at the beginning *Demi-gods knowing martial arts
*Annabeth being crap in a fight *Random monsters that were never there
in the first place And worst of all...*The entire movie. So if you want
to see Hollywood defile the fantastic Percy Jackson series then this is
the movie for you. Watch how the director and the screen writers (not
worthy enough to be named) replace the characters you came to love with
emotionless, shallow robots who can't act. And don't forget that
bullshit hidden message about how you 'make your own destiny'. After
that rant and the appalling acting, directing, writing, CGI and the
characters I found one positive. The end credits. Seriously it's so bad
not even M Night Shyamalan could make a movie this bad. Now that's
saying something. Oh, I almost forgot *This review may contain
spoilers*
