1
Deeply disappointed...

I've been looking forward to this movie very much, because the
storyline was promising - but I was deeply disappointed. I was
wondering if I should watch to the end of it, actually I wanted to stop
but somehow couldn't because unbelievably the movie kept getting worse
and worse. So there was a masochistic part of me which kept me
watching. I couldn't really relate to any of the characters and the
"escape from society" as it is was pictured in a very extreme and
negative way. Horrible to watch and in many parts very difficult to
believe. So the mother is in hospital for three months with a mental
illness and the father decides to leave her there alone, without any
help and stay with his six children in the jungle? No contact with her
whatsoever?? Their choice to leave society and live in the woods - OK,
this was plausible, even if they overdid it. But with the father's
daily training and education programme, which seemed over the top and
very stressful it became incoherent - you leave today's society so your
children have a peaceful life and then you stress the XXXX out of them?
Really? The actors did a fine job, but you can't really relate to any
of the figures because it is so exaggerated. It seemed to me someone
wanted to make a point at all costs that any alternative lifestyle is
not live-able, stressful, extreme, horrible. And the family was indeed
not very likable. So two hours of cultural torture...
