8
Sweet, Light, Heart-warming movie

I was drawn to watch this movie as soon as I learned that it was
written and directed by Hallie Meyers-Shyer, her parents wrote Baby
Boom, Father of the Bride Part I and II and numerous other movies I
have enjoyed in the past. I am someone who loves a light hearted
romantic comedy or family movie and there haven't been many of these in
the past decade so I thought I would check this out. I have to say I
went in with no expectations and I was pleasantly surprised. It is a
light, sweet, heart warming movie, it has the look and feel of some of
the old 90's movies in my opinion (credit to Cinematographer Dean
Cundey, Back to the Future, Apollo 13), and a nice story. The romance
factor isn't really the central focus of the movie and it may give you
an inspiring thought to do a kind deed for a friend or a child. If you
want a movie you can escape a bit with, light, have a few laughs and
walk out of with a little bit of heart warming feel, go see it. I know
a lot of folk may not like this, if you prefer dark, edgy movies, or
high action, crude comedies, or tragic stories etc this is not what you
are looking for. There is no strong political message or underdog
defying huge odds or anything to that effect. This isn't a movie that
needs to be deeply analyzed, it's just a simple nice story and maybe it
will put a smile on your face at the end like myself. If any of this
sounds like it appeals to you please go see this movie. I hope it does
well for the main fact that then possibly we may not have to wait
another ten years for a movie like this to be made. We may not be the
majority but I'm sure there still is an audience for these types of
movies.
