1
more boring than brain death

I was excited to watch this film given the hype about it and the fact
Portman was playing the lead role. but something was missing? story,
narrative or context? who knows all I know I was 45 min into this and I
was wondering what the hell was going on. I get it, Jackie Kennedy has
just lost her husband and the world doesn't seem to give a toss as it
puts in a new president to replace him even before she has washed her
dead husbands brains out of her hair. they are planning the funeral and
all she can do is look for a great place to bury him, some where nice
where he will be able to take in the sights at Arlington, news flash
Jackie he is dead, I don't think he really cares!. The main problem
with this film is the restrained nature of it, is this really how this
woman acted after her husband was killed in such a horrific manner? its
all to clinical and held together with Vicodin and upper class grace. I
understand this movie is touted for Oscar nominations, I understand the
nature of Portman's portal of Jackie Kennedy it was amazing given the
limitations of what she must have had to work with. I just don't think
she had the mindset of Jackie at all, I was not convinced, all I saw
was Portman struggling, if this was meant to convey an aspect of
Jackie's character then I'm sorry I missed the memo. someone else can
love this movie for me it was a part of my life I would like back a
long with my $25.
