1
Don't bother

An excessively positive description of the plot would be routine,
boring, and improbable. A more balanced description would add that it
is stupid, idiotic, moronic, and imbecilic. Over and over the heroes,
who really are scum, never get the idea to distract the blind guy by
throwing something to the other side of the room. It never occurs to
them to smash out a window and escape through it. It never occurs to
them to trip the guy. It never occurs to them to pick up things to use
as weapons, even though appropriate objects are lying all over the
place and indeed are picked up by the blind guy. Near the end, how does
the blind guy run way down the street straight for his victim? Is he
really Batman, able to echo-locate? Especially after one of the
scum/heroes has bashed his head repeatedly with a 2-pound maul. When
the police come near the end, wouldn't they have been a mite curious
about the basement prison cell the blind guy had constructed?The photography is truly terrible. Most of the time you can't see what
is going on because the action mostly takes place in the dark. Oddly,
the blind guy has enough dim lights on so that you can see people
moving around but not enough to see anything clearly. Later, the blind
guy turns off the lights, but why did he have them on in the first
place? He's blind, so why spend the money on the electricity? Why does
this routine 1920s-style small house have so many strange shafts, both
vertical and horizontal? How did the blind guy kidnap the young woman
who killed his daughter? How did he get all those mattresses and
bondage equipment to build the cell? How did the blind guy get rid of
the dead girl's body? There was a scene that I think depicted that, but
like most of the movie, it was too dark to figure out what he was
doing.Why not bash the dog's head in with a chair or frying pan or something?Why spend any more time on this worthless waste of time?
