4
This Film started well and then just went down hill or should i say it went down silent hill.

This is yet another film of 2012 that i didn't care much for i didn't
really care about the characters but i thought the acting was okay from
everyone and another problem i have with this film is Sean bean!
because once again he has nothing to do! just like he had nothing to do
in the first film!.This man always seems to play small roles now
granted i thought the man did a good job playing the role of the father
but thats about it because he really doesn't do anything else in the
film except walk around just like he did in the first film. All this
man ever seems to do is walk around! and never anything big or
important! i mean his daughter did more in the film then he did! in
fact it appears she did everything and again we get another lame story
that i don't care about and we have a bunch of strange things happening
that i don't care about,about the only interesting thing about this
movie is the end when the two villains fight each other i thought we
had an okay fight between pyramid head and the Evil creature women but
even that could have been done better,i thought the fight was poorly
edited but it kept me watching at least as lame as it was. I thought
the ending of the film was a little clich√© and it looked like a sequel
bait ending which it probably was meant to be because i'm guessing they
are going to make a third film which they don't need. All in all i
thought this film was quite boring and it didn't have much action in it
and it didn't scare me that much either i maybe got one scare max but
thats not saying much considering this is supposed to be a horror
film.I just found this film pretty lame and in my opinion the first
film was better and it made a little more sense too. this film is not
terrible but its really not good either and i just didn't care for it
and in my opinion we would have been better off without this film they
should have just stuck to the original and since they did make this
film they should have at least given Sean bean more to do instead of
just him sitting around in his house all day. Sean bean may have gotten
kidnapped halfway through the story and brought to silent hill but even
then he doesn't have much to do and we barely see him for most of the
film instead all we see is the lead girl running around looking for him
and having weird visions and i just got tired of it after a while but i
guess the actors did the best they could and the ending is okay so i
gave this film 4/10 for the effort because it least they tried but all
in all i thought this film was nothing special and quite forgettable.
