10
Amazing faithful adaptation true blue to Pynchon fans everywhere

Now the thing about this film is, it's great. I stood in line for over
2hrs just to see this movie and wow what a pay off! This movie does few
things movies do these days and that is be itself. It's this
semi-ground breaking cinema that shows Paul Thomas Anderson is not
scared to have fun and be serious at the same time and doesn't need to
play it safe or do what you expect at the movies and neither is the
original writer of the book Thomas Pynchon and boy are they a match!
Now most people who see this film and those who won't like it are the
same people that probably don't like or have even really read Pynchon,
so let's forget about them and accept this for what it is a great film
based on a good book by an amazing author. Joaquin phoenix is perfect
as Larry Doc Sportello a stoner detective looking into the kidnappers
of his ex-girls beau and real estate tycoon Mikey Wolfmann they both
apparently just go missing and this leads Doc to a very many colorful
character semi stereotypes of the 1960-1970's Era which all seem to
center around something known as the golden fang what it is couldn't
tell you, but what's apparent in this movie is the dying of a culture
and all the things that go in between in late capitalism. Once when
there was hope and promise once again now there is greed and
control,the film is very deep and sad and romantic in this sense and
the fact that no one saw it coming because they were all caught up and
confused in smoky haze (as we in the audience are) it's sad because
they are losing these hopes and promises, "lost sight of" maybe because
of certain vices and only have to look forward to a grim future is what
makes this films emotional center. The film kinda takes on the same
dimensions as Doc's regular weed habits the funny bits are truly great,
Phoenix is great at physical comedy him and Brolin are meant for each
other and the other cast members just shine the few minutes when they
are on screen honorable mention is Martian Short boy is he wild in this
one! All in all this is the best I've seen all year this one defiantly
takes some time and repeated viewings but like all great films There
Will Be Blood included is worth the effort.
