1
Terrible. Just plain awful.

Saw this movie yesterday, left very disappointed. I read some of the
reviews so I wasn't expecting too much, but it was even worse than I
had thought it would be. The writing was utterly terrible, the plot was
poorly done, and even the acting was only decent, a surprising result
considering the well-known cast. The overall concept of The Circle
initially sounds interesting, but when explored in depth and presented
through the film, multiple flaws can be found and at times, it almost
seems "stupid". As the movie progresses, the main character's choices
and actions seem contradictory to how she was introduced, and it
becomes hard for the audience to relate to her and put themselves in
her shoes. By the end of the movie, it became quite clear that The
Circle had hoped to offer some profound social commentary on technology
and human behaviour, but ultimately failed to do so by creating such a
predictable and "cheesy" film. The dialogue was almost laughable at
times, and there wasn't a single character that felt complex or real.
While somewhat entertaining due to the futuristic depictions of
technology and fast-paced plot, The Circle offers little more than
that. Rather than provoke discussion or any deep thoughts after
viewing, it leaves you with a large sense of disappointment and
dissatisfaction with the way in which the writing and the story were
carried out, as well as frustration with the immense amount of plot
holes and motive flaws. Overall, The Circle tries to make a name for
itself amongst the many "dangers of technology" movies, but as always,
lazy writing and a poor and predictable plot can only lead to the
disappointing result it ends up being. See The Guardians of the Galaxy
Vol. 2 instead. Anything else.
