1
Skip this movie

I just spent 2 hours trying to stay awake in the movie theater. Not
only is this movie boring but it is a complete and total rehash of the
original 1976 Star Wars. So much so that I recognized shots that were
in the first movie (that were better in the first movie because
Harrison Ford was in them!). I want to save people from wasting over 2
hours of their life like I just did. Just see the original and skip
this completely. The original has interesting characters, humor,
suspense and actors who can actually act. This was void of all of that.
The characters were shallow and unbelievable as was the plot line (and
lack there of). There was basically no story in the first hour and a
half of this movie. And might I ask, who would adopt a child, raise it
for 8 years only to abandon said child because they were afraid someone
figured out who she was (they couldn't be that much of a threat if it
took them 8 years to figure it out). I am now done with the Star Wars
franchise. Chanting that you have the Force doesn't make it so.
Spoiler, there is a Death Star but there is a way to destroy it (size
may very depending on which Star Wars you are watching but otherwise
that is the plot of all of the Star Wars movies). I'll just leave you
with this, If you have the technology to build a planet sized spaceship
that can distroy planets why do your schematics need to be on a floppy
disk?
