1
The director thinks he's Bergman and he's not

A pretentious example of a bad Bergman movie. The publicity uses the
word "meditation" to excuse the fact that it has no characters, action,
or plot. The scenes are static and frequently the only movement is the
camera slowly zooming in or out. I suppose this is to give the movie an
artsy feel. The message of the movie is that people die and times moves
on. That is all you will learn, and if you didn't figure that out by
the time you were fourteen . . . We learn almost nothing about the
characters or their context. They mostly move and talk like zombies,
which is a waster of some very good talent. Midway through the movie
there is a long speech by an unnamed character I call The Gasbag,
pointing out the obvious about life as if it were a newly discovered
insight. It is really just a voice over that leads nowhere. None of the
other actors in the scene react to it at all. When I saw it I honestly
thought it was ironic, and the movie was going to satirize the genre of
intellectually barren self-important indie files, but to my horror I
discovered that the director was being serious. There is no humor in
the movie, no humanity, no spontaneous moments. When you leave the
theater you are not informed, moved, or entertained, just ground down.
I compared it to another movie people often walked out of, The Tree of
Life, but even though Tree of Life was overlong, self indulgent and
badly edited, there was a compelling story at the middle. Stay home.
