1
A genuine waste of time.

I thought the first Horrible Bosses film was good-a bit unpolished in
places but basically a good & watchable funny movie. The sequel is
actually an awful movie. The first film was flirting with tackiness but
never really 'took the plunge' into true tackiness-but this one does.
Unless you like jokes about gay men licking other gay mens asses: don't
see this film. I think there is some stuff you just shouldn't say in a
movie-apparently the producers of this potato don't feel that way. Also
the interactions between the three main characters was so hard to watch
in many cases in this sequel it made you crave watching a film on brain
surgery-it was that crappy. Fortunately the cinema where I saw it took
pity on the fact it was such a horrible movie and allowed me to get a
refund after I departed the film after about 20 minutes worth of its
brain shattering crap. I don't think there has ever been a time where
they have made so many nothing movies before and I'm not talking about
films like The Interview. Many of the supposedly funny/entertaining
films that are more recent are just stupidity like this film. Just
avoid it. The thing about that is the spate of dogs that they have been
releasing are probably gong to coast some cinemas their businesses. I
was the only person at this movie so when I left it was playing to an
empty room, and that was in the early evening on a shopping night-the
time when most people will take the time to see something at their
local cinema.
