1
Wasted Talent

There was nothing for me to like about this movie. The story evolves
around a Counsellor and the people surrounding him. For reasons
unbeknown to us he decides to go into the drug business, and
pseudo-intellectual existential dialogues between the protagonists
ensue, with the main focus being on greed and how sexual everything
appears to them. Cheetahs chasing jackrabbits is sexual, a yellow
Ferrari is so sexual that Diaz' character decides to make-out with it
(yes, you read that correctly). The Counsellor is constantly being
counselled on life and it's meaning by philosophical drug-dealers and
cartel members. The tediousness of these overdrawn, often repetitive
and rather self-indulged exchanges make the film feel so ill paced. The
chemistry between the two main couples (Fassbender-Cruz, Bardem-Diaz)
was non-existent. The characters are hardly developed. Were we suppose
to empathise with the Counsellor? The acting was NOT good. The ultimate
attraction to this film, for me, was the cast who in it's majority has
seldom - if ever - let me down. And yet, here, even they were, to put
it mildly, not on top form. The emphasis had been given on the
aforementioned dialogue, something that was more obvious when the main
plot of the film became increasingly convoluted and thus hard to
follow. At the end all I felt was content that it was over. This is,
unfortunately, the worst film I've seen this year.
