10
The REAL "angels in America" . . .

. . . contending with an almost overwhelming horde of Big Pharma, Big
Medicine, and FDA devils. Not only is DALLAS BUYERS CLUB the best movie
yet to come out in 2013 (and I've seen about 97% of theatrical releases
earning at least $500,000 domestically), but it rivals Tom Hanks'
PHILADELPHIA and TV's ANGELS IN AMER!CA for the top spot among all the
AIDS features ever made. In Matthew McConaughey's best performance to
date, he transforms his body FOR A REASON (as Robert De Niro did in
RAGING BULL, not as a stunt A La Christian Bale for THE MACHINIST).
This is not some boring and\or forgettable disease-of-the week movie
(such as LORENZO'S OIL--how often do they run that on any of the
premium movie channels?). It has a great cast, with Jennifer Garner
easily topping her role from PEARL HARBOR in DBC's two good doctors\one
bad doc set-up, as she eventually joins McConaughey's Ron on the
journey from hateful ignorance to transcending love. Jared Leto's
Raymond\Rayon pulls hardest at the heartstrings, but Denis O'Hare as
Big Pharmaceutil's mercenary pawn Dr. Sevard not only wins kudos as the
most hateful villain of 2013, but gives Nurse Rachett from ONE FLEW
OVER THE CUCKOO'S NEST a run for her money as the worst medical monster
of all time (sorry, HUMAN CENTIPEDE guy, I'm talking serious flicks
here, not shock horror). Finally, DALLAS BUYERS CLUB exposes the
American F.D.A. (Food & Drug Administration) for the lost cause that it
is--a cause that would actually be WORTH shutting the government down
to reform!
