7
slow burn horror and tense psychological thriller

The Invitation is the new psychological thriller from Karyn Kusama (the
superb Girlfight and the awful, messy sci-fi action thriller Aeon Flux,
etc) and is a study in delusion, paranoia and suspicion. This is a slow
burn horror story about a reunion of old friends that goes horribly
wrong. Will (Logan Marshall-Green, recently seen in Madame Bovary, etc)
has reluctantly accepted an invitation to attend a dinner party reunion
with some old friends at the house he once owned with his ex-wife Eden
(Tammy Blanchard). But since their divorce Eden now lives in the house
with her new husband David (Michiel Huisman), whom she met on a retreat
in Mexico while recovering from a nervous breakdown. Will is still
grieving over the tragic death of his son, and is in a fragile
emotional state. He begins to feel that something is not quite right
about the gathering, but is he unnecessarily paranoid or does he have
reason to be concerned? There are early portents that something is
wrong, and a palpable air of uneasiness and distrust soon overtakes the
gathering. When the hosts insist on playing a rather unsettling parlour
game the awkwardness further enhances the growing sense of uneasiness.
Writers Phil Hay and Matt Manfredi (Crazy/Beautiful, the dire buddy cop
comedy Ride Along, etc) have created a cast of oddball characters to
add to the creepy atmosphere. Most of the cast is not that well known,
which works in the film's favour. John Carroll Lynch has a vaguely
sinister and menacing presence as the mysterious stranger Pruitt. The
action is confined to a single location and Kusama makes the most of
the claustrophobic setting, slowly ramping up the tension until the
film bursts into full on mayhem and carnage. The impact of the final
shot is devastatingly effective as the full horror of what is happening
is revealed.
