1
Putrid adolescent garbage

One star because zero stars isn't an option, nor is a black hole icon.
I should know better than to dis this film, as most films I hate only
draw comments from idiots. But for the sheer pleasure of it, I'll say
this: I hated the writing, the acting (especially deNiro, who has been
doing this same role for at least ten years and has apparently
abandoned the use of his talent, and his wife-character), the
characters themselves, the directing, the cinematography, the casting,
the scenic design and the overall conception - where a "silver lining"
is imposed on the story rather than grows out of it. I didn't find a
single scene emotionally believable, felt the script demeaned mental
illness, thought the film pandered to blacks, sports,
dancing-with-the-stars fans, Philly itself, endorsed gambling, rewarded
incredible stupidity and risk-taking (deNiro's character is willing to
throw away his entire family's future based on nothing other than an
idiotic hunch by a sexpot) while the film pretends to endorse other
"moral" life choices, thought the entire film depended on "cute"
writing and clich√© (where plot is a substitute for canned laughter),
and that it was predictable after the first ten minutes. By the way,
the audience I was with, maybe 50 people, didn't laugh that much.
What's not to hate? Over many years I've learned that many people often
think something is funny if someone else tells them it's supposed to
be. I'm not one. Now go ahead and trash me if you like. But if I can
keep one person from seeing it I'll have done my duty. And if one other
IMDb reader has the guts to agree with me: brother, (or sister) -
welcome to the real world!
