10
Best animated film of 2012? Absolutely!

I think 2012 has been a very good, even great, year for animation in
that I don't think I have seen an animated film I've disliked. Wreck It
Ralph for me was the best animated film from 2012(although it only came
out yesterday in the UK I still class it as a 2012 film), tying with
Tangled as the best Disney has done since The Hunchback of Notre Dame.
It has something for children and adults alike, and I don't think you
have to be a video game fan to like it(I'm not exactly, more of Disney
myself, but am very familiar with them through my brother). The
animation is wonderful, the characters move with no problem at all, the
colours look gorgeous and the backgrounds are detailed, very like the
very best of Pixar actually. The music, right from the tempos, rhythms,
melodies, chord progressions and instrumentation, is full of energy and
the songs are incredibly catchy. The writing is a perfect blend of
humour and heart, the film is often hilarious and witty as well as
heartfelt and touching in equal measures and the story is fast-paced
and much more original than you'd think complete with energetic-but not
too frantic- action. I like the Be Youself message, it is an important
one and I personally didn't think it was heavy-handed. And of course
any video game fan will love spotting the video game characters and
references, there's plenty of them and all are colourfully evoked. I
found it very easy to relate to Ralph, Fix-it Felix Jr is an amusing
character and Vanellope is cute without being annoying or mawkish. The
voice work is terrific, with the standout being the gruff vulnerability
that John C Reilly brings to Ralph. In conclusion, a wonderful film and
the best animated film of the year. 10/10 Bethany Cox
