7
The Origin of Leatherface

In 1955, in Texas, the teenage daughter of Sheriff Hartman (Stephen
Dorf), Betty (Lorina Kamburova) and her boyfriend Ted (Julian Kostov)
are driving along a lonely road kissing each other when Ted almost hit
something on the road. He stops his truck and Betty realizes that is a
child is asking for help. She follows him and is trapped in a derelict
barn and killed by the dysfunctional Sawyer family under the command of
the matriarch Verna (Lili Taylor). When Sheriff Hartman learns that he
beloved daughter was killed, he sends the boy Jed Sawyer to a mental
institution called the Gorman House Youth Reformatory as avenge. Ten
years later, the idealistic nurse Elizabeth "Lizzie" White (Vanessa
Grasse) is hired by the Gorman House and soon she befriends the
teenagers Bud (Sam Coleman) and Jackson (Sam Strike). But Verna comes
to the institution with a lawyer bringing an injunction expecting to
see her son Jed that had his name changed. However the director Doctor
Lang (Christopher Adamson) rejects the document and Verna leaves the
security doors open to let the patients to escape. There is a havoc in
the mental institution and the violent Ike (James Bloor) and his
girlfriend Clarice (Jessica Madsen) steal a car and bring Bud and
Jackson and decide to abduct Lizzie as hostage. Hartman learns what
happened in the Gorman House and hunts the escapees down with his men,
following the crime spree left by Ile and Clarice."Leatherface" is a horror film that explains the origin of Leatherface
from The Texas Chainsaw Massacre franchise. The film is underrated
maybe because its release timing more than forty years after the
release of the original "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" (1974). But the
storyline, screenplay, direction, performances and makeup are
remarkable. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): Not Availale
