10
Beautifully written, touching, and faced the hero with big decisions!

Where do I begin? Big hero Six is one of the best movies I've seen all
year. In one of my previous reviews, I used the term over and over
again that Disney has always done what it's done and should stick to
that. And this movie has! Running Disney themes have this movie that
gets me very happy with Disney. This movie as I said in my previous
review brings us back from the god awful frozen. Very original and I'll
bring this back from any any old tales or fairy tales, big hero six
tells the tale of a young man's struggle to find the men who killed his
brother.With great action scenes good moral values and enough strength
and motivation in its stride it brings me back to good Faith with
Disney. Constant Disney clichés that always want to make me watch this
movie over and over again , with a side of no backtracking and no
unnecessary characters brings us to believe that Disney's got it back
again. This movies originality, good writing, and overall good happy
feeling, got me believing that Disney can move on from its mistakes.
Disney has shown that it can make a good movie again by showing that
you don't need a musical and ridiculous characters to get little kids
up and happy to buy your merchandise. This movie spoke to a wide
variety of people and not just easily fooled little kids. This movie
must've been a stowaway on the crap boat that was frozen and
maleficent.This movie is a rare occasion of well done combinations of
different elements (superheroes, Disney clichés, etc). If you lost your
money to frozen watch this movie so you metaphorically won't waste it.
