8
Don't listen to the bad reviews here...

This film may not be perfect but its a solid effort and certainly of
interest to those who have studied this period in history and the major
players that shaped events as it were. Reinhard Heydrich was just such
an individual and what this film does, where 'ANTHROPOID' among others
failed, was to show Heydrich beyond just the heroism of the Czech
resistance fighters who plotted to kill him for justifiable reasons.
Heydrich was never really a political animal nor did he have any
interest in the Nazis until his wife came along and convinced him to
join. Had he not been cashiered from the Navy its quite likely history
would've been written very differently and this movie shows us how
these minor events led to the creation of a monster. My only complaint
would be that it didn't tell us much about Heydrich's views towards
Jews and his role in crafting the Final Solution, but other films like
HBOs 'CONSPIRACY' will go along way towards shedding light on that
question for interested viewers. The film's inherent weakness is trying
to condense over 20 years of Heydrich's life into two hours while also
explaining the plot that led to his assassination. That may have been a
tall order for any director but at the same time this isn't a film
meant for mass consumption. It's not a date movie nor a family affair
but is only of interest to those who enjoy history. If you find the
topic boring you'll undoubtedly give the movie a low rating but I think
as far as this genre is concerned 'THE MAN WITH THE IRON HEART' is
certainly a respectable entry in telling the story of one of history's
greatest villains.
