8
Pure Non-Stop Action

The alcoholic and discredited air marshal Bill Marks (Liam Neeson) is a
former cop that still grieves the death of his eight year-old daughter
that died of leukemia. Bill is assigned to a flight from New York to
London and the passenger Jen Summers (Julianne Moore) sits on his side
in the first-class. When the plane is crossing the Atlantic Ocean, Bill
receives text messages telling him that one passenger will die every
twenty minutes unless the TSA air flight company transfers 150 million
dollars to an offshore account. Bill contacts his superior that does
not believe in his words. Further they discover that the bank account
is in the name of Bill. Now Bill has to find the terrorist with the
support of Jen and the flight attendant Nancy (Michelle Dockery) only
and soon he finds a bomb on board. But the TSA representative believes
that Bill is the terrorist. Will he succeed in saving the passengers
lives? "Non-Stop" is a non-stop action thriller with a simple but engaging
story in a claustrophobic environment. The camera work is outstanding
considering such narrow space and the performances are magnificent. The
plot keeps the mystery to the very end and the viewers guessing who
might be the terrorist. Liam Neeson and the gorgeous Julianne Moore are
like wine, the older they are the better. If the procedure of putting a
bomb in the rear of the airplane is for real, why not building a
reinforced box in the location to protect the airplane structure? My
vote is eight.Title (Brazil): "Sem Escalas" ("Non-Stop")
