1
SuperCarrie to the rescue!

Once just a shy, demure, unassuming teenager, Carrie White was doused
with pig's blood on one fateful day and suddenly emerged as (drum roll
please) Supppperrrrrr Carrrrriiiiieeeee. By gently slithering her arms,
looking constipated and occasionally twitching to let you that she
means business, SuperCarrie quickly lays waste to all of the "bad" guys
with sadistic glee while also showing her soft side by using her
magical abilities to levitate squeaky-voiced gym teachers and
knocked-up teenage Jezebels to safety. Incredible! To one up her
competition in the super heroes sweepstakes, Carrie also manages to
lift up and fly right out of the gym... and she doesn't even need
spandex and a cape to do it. Impressive! Carrie's other super powers
appear to be psychic abilities to anticipate what everyone is going to
do before they do it and x-ray vision so she can see the gender of a
newly-fertilized egg inside your belly before you even have a chance to
say "Hey, wasn't I supposed to have my period LAST week?" Amazing! If
that's not enough, SuperCarrie also doesn't let anything get her
down... not even death itself! She may seem out of commission after
pelting herself with a thousand and one smooth pebbles and then
crushing her entire body underneath a house, but don't be fooled.
You'll find investing your hard-earned money on things like embalming,
caskets and grave markers to be a waste when SuperCarrie miraculously
springs back to life, cracks her CGI tombstone (because - you know -
real tombstones or even plaster ones painted to look like real
tombstones are just way too hard to crack so they must be made out of
cartoon) and then causes a metal guitar riff to sound out from nowhere. Professor Xavier, there's someone I'd like you to meet...
