1
Disappointment Doesn't Even Begin To Cover It

If you were thinking about seeing The Desolation of Smaug, do yourself
a favor and stay home. It's close to 3 hours of your life you will
never get back. The plot has almost nothing to do with the book. There
are completely fabricated characters and there is NO character
development. In fact, I had to go stand in the hall for a minute
because my brother & I were laughing so hard about the fact that the
third movie could be 3 hours of the cast members literally destroying
copies of The Hobbit and it would probably be a better movie than this.
The last 30 minutes are completely made up, insulting to Tolkein, and
painful to watch. I would actually pay more than I paid to see the
movie to get those 3 hours of my life back. I am at a loss for words at
how Peter Jackson did so well with the Lord of The Rings movies and
then seemingly had a seizure while holding a pen and decided to call it
a script and go with it. I think they thought that bringing back
Legolas would help the movie, but in fact they only detracted by going
ahead & writing him as a bland character who is now, instead of being
primarily an archer, a ninja swordsman of some sort. They also opt to
attempt to squeeze in a love story instead of actual events that
happened in the book, because dull romance sells. If you love the book
as much as I do and have any sort of positive expectations for this
film, you will be severely let down.
