1
Worst movie ever - Do they let you give negative numbers?

I bought a pass from our local theater to see all the Oscar nominated
movies for best picture this week, right before the Oscars. Moonlight
was my number 5, and I was really excited about seeing it. I had no
idea what it was about, like the other movies I saw already (Hidden
Figures, Hell or High Water, Arrival, Hacksaw Ridge so far). I really
enjoyed the other four movies so far, so I was expecting a movie on the
same par as these. This movie was so bad that I created an account on
here just so I could leave a review and save others the agony of seeing
this piece of garbage. It was the most pretentious thing I've seen, and
worst movie I've ever seen (and I saw the first 3 seconds of Two Girls
One Cup). I kept waiting for it to get good. 10 minutes, 20, 30, 60,
90?! And then boom, the movie was over with no plot (of which there was
none) resolution to be seen. I really don't know what it was about. I
cannot fathom why this thing was nominated for anything, except for a
Razzie, and now I keep wondering if Asthon Kutcher is gonna show up at
the Oscars and tell the director he was punk'd for being nominated. I
hate to say it, but I think the only reason it was nominated and
reviewed so highly by the powers that be, is because of white guilt,
and that's the simple and plain truth. Hollywood is trying to avoid the
mad black actors from last year (Hi Jada S.) that were mad at there
being no people of color being nominated, so this pile of crap was
given its affirmative action place with some other movies that were
actually well made.
