7
40, down

Wow, this film seems to be generating a lot of hostility: I am not
quite sure what's behind it. I guess people went into this expecting a
sitcom-like, snappy feel good film, like 40 Year Old Virgin? Or goofy,
happy-go-lucky characters such as Seth Rogen's posse in Knocked Up? Did
these people not see Funny People? I am all in favor of letting Mr.
Apatow develop as a director. To be clear here: this film follows Pete
and Debbie's story arc from a few years after the events in Knocked Up.
The are both turning 40, and neither is handling it particularly
gracefully, but they weren't handling their lives and relationships
particularly well in the earlier film. I found this movie to have a
Larry David Show quality to it: however irrationally and offensively
our protagonists behave, there are always others who will go them one
better (or worse). Yes, Debbie and Pete are defective human beings; but
so, I would argue, are all the people inhabiting this world, excepting
the very gentlemanly Graham Parker (and Billie Joe Armstrong). Such is
the stuff of comedy. Are these caricatures? Surely, and yet they are
caricatures of realities which I see every day. Is the teenage daughter
given to histrionics? You bet, but that is what teenagers are like, and
the fact remains that teenagers turn their parents into equally
irrational and histrionic characters in that relationship; I actually
found it refreshing to find a teenager in a movie, played by a
teenager, who isn't a wisecracking savant commenting on the follies of
her elders.To sum up, this felt to me like a mature work from a good director.
There are moments of farce, slapstick, and outrageous humor, surrounded
by moments where things just happen. For people who can't handle that
kind of pacing, you are welcome to stay out of movie theaters, and sit
in front of your TV sets: the networks are sure to have plenty of
non-challenging sitcoms that are specially designed to pander to you.
