7
American Honey 2.0

Willem Dafoe plays a housing complex manager who is trying to maintain
order while out of control kids run wild and their parents run wilder.
This film is beautifully shot around the Florida area with many
backdrops using the local stores which have oversized and frankly
bizarre looking designs which incorporate vivid colours and huge
cartoon like figures mixed with neon lights which makes the town look
like a brought to life cartoon landscape. This has the effect of making
the children look like they are in a wonderland and at the same time
making the adults who are themselves trapped into childlike behaviour
patterns seem unable to break into adulthood proper. There is a strong
sense of community within the housing complex however the fragility of
some friendships when adults are acting like out of control teens is no
surprise. This movie focuses on poor white America, struggling to make
ends meet and parents who think nothing of playing explicit rap music
on their phones while they bathe their young kids. The effect of this
style of parenting is plain to see in how the kids antagonise the
adults around them.While we are in no doubt that the main female
protagonist loves her daughter who is obviously loving the freedom
afforded to her by her mother,but just how long can the kids be allowed
to run wild without consequences? I'd say that if you enjoyed American
Honey this film is for you. At just under two hours it certainly seems
much shorter. Recommended.
