1
The Ancient Art Of....Staring?

Let me start off by saying that I like a good movie based on a true
story like Schindler's List, The Butler, A Beautiful Mind, We Bought A
Zoo, etc., etc. I'm also fully aware that not all events will be
entirely factual so when I went into this movie I wasn't going in
expecting accuracy in any form. What I did go in expecting was a good
performance by great actors and I must say the acting was fantastic,
but unfortunately the rest of the film was a complete train wreck. I
felt it had potential at first and then that feeling quickly dissipated
after watching the first beating commence and continued to diminish
after seeing the attempted hanging where he walked around on his toes
for at least a good twenty to thirty seconds and we had to sit and
watch. I didn't think it was possible for the movie to get more boring
but then they threw in yet another thirty second scene where we all
proceeded to stare at the main character's face while he sat idle,
occasionally moving his head from side to side. I wanted to feel
emotion for these poor characters but every emotion that I had was
quickly ruined by incredibly long, drawn out, and unnecessary scenes.
Not only did I have to sit through the agonizing, stretched out scenes
but whenever there was about to be a significant lapse of time within
the main character's life they'd add in a bonus five to seven seconds
where we stared at a bunch of trees. I'd like to say that I was moved
by the movie or felt some sort of enjoyment in watching it but in truth
the only touching moment I truly had was at the end of the film when I
realized it was FINALLY over. I'd liken it's boringness to The Fifth
Estate but honestly it was far worse. My advice to you would be to
ignore the plethora of ten star reviews and think twice before you
decide to pick it up for movie rental once it finally comes out on DVD.
