8
Outstanding crime picture (and Hardy is a LEGEND).

The infamous Kray brothers  identical twins Reggie and Ronnie  are so
well known in British gangster history they've already had multiple
films made about them. What writer-director Brian Helgeland brings to
the table with his take on the notorious siblings is exuberant
storytelling, classy visual styling and a tour de force performance by
Tom Hardy as both twins. Hardy's dual turn is undeniably the
centrepiece of the movie. His Reggie is all charm and swagger, with
intelligence and ambition to boot, whilst the schizophrenic Ronnie is a
short-tempered ball of emotional bluster. Helgeland sensibly opts to
make Reggie the focus; of the two he is the more grounded one, a
gangster with lofty aspirations and the ability to interact on a human
level with those around him to make his goals a reality. There is also
genuine chemistry between Hardy (as Reggie) and Emily Browning, her
fragile yet strong-willed Frances able to draw out the romantic side of
Reggie, making his bursts of savagery all the more terrifying.
Sporadically placed throughout the (overlong) two hour plus runtime,
the bouts of violence bubble with intensity and exhilaration, often
uneasily enjoyable thanks to moments of levity sprinkled alongside
them. The 60s setting is capitalised on too, Dick Pope's elegant
photography giving proceedings a classical feel while Carter Burwell's
powerfully soulful score affects deeply at all the right times. There's
a sense of glorification here that mightn't sit well with some audience
members, however the Krays were adored in the East End and to deny the
glitzier parts of their life would be to deny what made them popular to
begin with. An exceptional crime picture with two outstanding
performances from one man, proving again that Hardy really is an
acting legend.
