8
It's not your average 'lets walk down the stairs backwards and puke over a priest' possession movie!

I was on holiday visiting my friend in Sacramento, California, and we
decided to go to the movies. Our choice was between this movie and
another called 'The Apparition'. We opted for this one as creepy kids
always seem to make a horror movie much more appealing. Usually, I
avoid possession films. I can't even force myself to consider 'the
exorcist' a horror classic. I just think possession and exorcism films
are always poorly done and are slightly altered versions of each other.
However, seeing the trailer of this film beforehand made me want to see
this movie and again, the little girl Emily 'Natasha Calis' drew me in.
I thought this film had an interesting storyline which kept me gripped
throughout and superb performances by the cast, especially Natasha
Calis who portrays the little girl Emily who is possessed throughout
the film. Without giving away any spoilers, I felt the ending was well
done and made me leave the theatre thanking the screenplay writer for a
non-stereotypical ending - well done! This film is definitely worth a
watch. I may even buy it on DVD when it's released. It's not your
average 'lets walk down the stairs backwards and puke over a priest'
possession movie. It's well acted, well written and well worth a see.
It has some jumpy moments for those who aren't desensitised to the ways
of a horror movie but mainly it's gripping and you want to find out
what's in that box.. GO SEE IT! I hope to see the young cast in some
more films in the future! Loved it!
