8
A very satisfying period drama

Historically relevant, A Royal Affair shows its true period-drama
nature in the very intelligent and detailed storyline, steadfast and
conspicuous acting, and, most of all, sumptuous and glorious interiors,
which actually enhance the visual experience significantly. The film
expressively reminds the world once again about the illicit affair
between Caroline Mathilde (Alicia Vikander), the beautiful Queen of
Denmark, and the enlightened, German-born physician named Johann
Struensee (Mads Mikkelsen). In all its courtly essence, A Royal Affair
presents this 18th century tale with utmost thoroughness, adding huge
amounts of tension to its naturalistic substance with every following
minute. While it's mostly recognized for the meaningful romantic
overtone, this film presents much more than that, even though the
star-crossed lovers prove to have the biggest impact on the unexpected
turn of events. It starts very similarly to Sofia Coppola's Marie Antoinette, with a
young princess bound to marry a king she doesn't even know, through the
old-fashioned way of a royal transaction. Right after the Queen finally
sets her lovely eyes on the mysterious husband-to-be one thing is
certain  there is something wrong with his majestic appearance.
Christian VII (Mikkel Boe Følsgaard) giggles nervously, and is more
interested in greeting his own dog than the woman, with whom he will
probably (but not likely) spend the rest of his palace life. Right
after the both absolutely awkward and truly humorous announcement of
King's nightly visit in his wife's bedroom, and Caroline's anxiously
awaited pregnancy, it becomes perfectly clear that the pair won't
present itself in the expected, regal way. Those two characters don't
even intend to give the appearance of being fully in love with each
other. The king wanders angrily around the luxurious chambers making
fun of everyone, not knowing that he ostentatiously presents all of his
biggest weaknesses. At the same time, the Queen spends most of her time
with the newborn baby. When Christian proclaims his forthcoming trip
around Europe nobody realizes that big and sudden changes are about to
happen. During the journey King's mental illness becomes worse. He
needs a private doctor and he needs him quick. This is the moment when
Johan Struensee first shows his handsome face. Apart from his
unquestionable medical abilities, he proves to be a great admirer of
the Enlightenment movement's greatest thinkers and their innovative
works, and that's what makes him an ideal partner for the King. After
returning to the country, their companionship grows stronger every day.
Unfortunately, so does Johan's affection towards Queen's awe-inspiring
persona. After a while, it becomes awfully obvious that they won't be
able to suppress their deepest urges and a risky romance will soon take
place, one that might actually begin a new era in the history of
Denmark. Scheming behind the back of the wig-wearing, ignorant council,
Caroline and Struensee use the gullible King for the sake of a greater
good  they create many new and reformative laws, and using Christian's
powerful, yet unstable hand they end up improving the whole land and
its citizens' life, rushing Denmark towards the desired Enlightenment.As history so often shows, when there is the optimistic, hard-working
side there must also be the pessimistic, mischievous one. In A Royal
Affair, it takes the form of an ominous, recalcitrant aristocrat named
Ove Høegh-Guldberg (David Dencik). Conspiring along with Christian's
stepmother Juliane Marie (Trine Dyrholm) he comes up with a perfect
plan to get rid of the unwanted German and, at the same time, bring
back Denmark's old 'glory'. Revealing the shocking truth about Queen
being pregnant with Struensee he wreaks havoc among the society. The
return of the Dark Ages is upon Denmark, and no one is able to stop
this devastating process, as the King gave in to Ove's strong and
convincing character, and, ultimately, to his own illness. Johann and
Caroline are banished from the Kingdom, just to see that, sadly, their
thorough plan wasn't actually meant to help anyone.With its splendidly high entertainment value, A Royal Affair turns out
to be a history lesson for everyone. Considerable attention to details
in plot and in art design brings out the true substance of the film.
The costumes are pitch-perfect, the music flows adequately to the
events, and the ongoing transition in the atmosphere intensifies the
reception of the whole. A Royal Affair possesses a great energy, which
shows its true strength in all the performances. Without offending
anyone from the amazing cast, it's important to note that Mads
Mikkelsen gave the most award-worthy performance, showing the
straightforwardly persuasive impassiveness that may really convince his
fans and anti-fans alike. Therefore, those irrefutable acting skills,
combined with a well-written script and steady direction, make A Royal
Affair one of the most memorable Danish movies of the last decade.
