3
Ridiculous Plot

Don't Breathe is certainly no Hitchcock or even a Guillermo del Toro
film. The plot is implausible and far-fetched. It started out okay, but
then anyone who pays attention to details will notice its many flaws
and goofs. Several of them have already been listed in the IMDb, but
the biggest flaw, I think, is about the dog. When the trio first comes
to the house, the dog is chained. They drug the dog and he slumbers in
his dog house. Later, all of the sudden the dog is in the house. How
did he get rid of the chain and how did he get into the house? No doggy
door, bars on the window, etc. Towards the end of the movie, when the
girl traps the dog in her car and tries to escape, the blind guy
catches her and drags her by the hair back to the house. He leaves his
dog behind in the car? Obviously, the dog must have been barking. And
when the girl finally does escape, there's no mentioning of the car or
the dog. The other plot twist I had a problem with is that the blind
guy kidnaps the woman that supposedly killed his daughter in a car
accident, impregnates her and thus wanting to replace his dead child.
It's ludicrous to think that a blind man could take of an infant. Even
if the woman could have carried the child to term, how was she going to
give birth with a blind man as a midwife, in a cellar? The only
explanation for this part of the movie is that the blind guy was
deranged. Oh, and yes, even though he was hit with a sledge hammer, he
was hardly injured. I don't understand the big hype about this
so-called thriller. To me it's a bunch of crap. If you want to waste
your time and money, go see it and judge for yourself. You'd be better
of watching a real thriller by Guillermo del Toro or one from the
master himself, Alfred Hitchcock.
