3
Maybe I'm just getting old...

Maybe I'm getting old. These over-serious, platitude-filled teen dramas
used to only mildly annoy me. Now, with Paper Towns, I feel myself
getting irrationally angry at its desperate plea to be this
generation's The Breakfast Club. From where is that resentment coming?
Maybe it's that I'm a 30-year-old married-father who's not meant to
like this movie. Maybe it's that I'm coming off the high of the teen
drama Me and Earl and the Dying Girl. Whatever it is, Paper Towns
irritated much more than it charmed. The premise has potential: nerd
spends one magically frivolous night with the enigmatic girl of his
dreams, Margot, before she inexplicably disappears. Instead of being
unique, stylish, or progressive, it becomes the lament of the
rich-white-teen and the manic pixie dream girl. Our "hero" is drawn to
her magnetic mystery, but that appeal never reaches the audience. At
times, she represents an idea more than a character, but mostly she's
an unbearably selfish, manipulative shrew, using her womanly wiles to
get whatever she needs. When she's off-screen, the interplay between
the friends is watchable, but her bothersome presence is never far
away. Worst yet, in the end PT never takes a stance on Margot, like the
movie is trying to have its cake and eat it too. Stylistically, the
movie is forcefully quirky, annoyingly cutesy, and boasts a soundtrack
that's like someone pushed the "hipster" button on a Casio Keyboard. We
can only blame director Schreier, whose previous film was the
under-seen Robot and Frank. Just stay home and watch that, a story
about a machine with more humanity than anyone in PT.
