8
Relax 2000AD fans, he keeps his helmet on and there's no Rob Schneider.

Seventeen years ago, a Sylvester Stallone sci-fi action vehicle was
released into the world under the title 'Judge Dredd'. Based on the
character from the popular 2000AD comic book series, the film was a
huge disappointment with critics and a source of much heartache for
Dredd devotees in the way it seemed to blatantly disregard crucial
aspects of the source mythology both in look and tone. Fast forward to
present day, a world in which comic book characters mean big money for
film studios, surely enough time has passed to give the old Judge
another crack of the whip right? I'm happy to say fans of the comic
book should be able to relax and enjoy this much darker and tougher
representation of their much loved character. Although the film, and
it's (permanently) helmeted protagonist is a straightforward and simple
beast, it actually works all the better for it. Dredd isn't given a
back story or imbued with much in the way of humanity, he's instead
portrayed more as the mysterious 'man with no name' whose dialogue is
limited to one-liners that usually precedes some serious ass kicking.
Where the 1995 Judge film was light and comedic, this version is
hardcore and extremely violent with some surprising explosions of
brutality meted out in a world that's long since gone to hell. As is
pleasingly more and more the case in mainstream action cinema, we have
strong female representation in Olvia Thirlby as Dredd's rookie
sidekick and a nasty Lena Headey on form and fresh from bad girl duties
in the celebrated TV series Game Of Thrones. Dredd 3D can't and won't
be considered a classic of the genre, but it's a huge step-up from the
Stallone version and should satisfy any and all sci-fi action fans
looking for a fun Friday night thrill. Visually arresting and with a
sensible running time, Dredd rocks. 3.5/5
