6
Here we go again... again

I remember when I first saw this film in theaters and the lights dimmed
the first thought that ran through my head was "Here we go again" as I
released an involuntary sigh of apathy. Somewhere along the line,
before seeing this latest installment, I had decided to re-watch the
original four films and realized that the character of Ethan Hunt
really has no defining characteristics beyond just basically being Tom
Cruise. This bothered me for some reason. Jason Bourne was a fully
fleshed out character and even the new Bond films had added newer
elements to give a traditionally stereotypical character more depth and
complexity, but Ethan Hunt is just...bland. He has no personality. What
seemed even stranger to me was the fact that Mission Impossible was
supposed to revolve around a team, yet Tom Cruise is seemingly always
the only one who ever does anything. So basically these films boil down
to watching Tom Cruise perform his own stunts, which I will admit are
extremely impressive, especially in this latest escapade. However the
plots of all five films are basically nonsense to try and connect each
elaborate stunt to the next. Then I realized that all 5 films have
remarkably similar story lines as well. Tom Cruise has a mission,
something goes wrong, he goes rouge, needs to find some kind of
MacGuffin, the villain is some kind of terrorist arms dealer, insert
random forgettable love interest here, big stunts, the end.that being said, the film's action scenes are amazing, and really make
you question the sanity of Cruise, who needlessly continues to insist
on doing all of his stunts. Basically it's another Tom Cruise Hollywood
blockbuster, which at the end of the day made me finally realize, "Why
was I ever expecting anything else in the first place?"
