9
Loved it!

For the record, I've read Gatsby at least every other year since I was
17, so, believe me when I say I have been counting down the days and
minutes until the new movie opened.Here it goes then, I saw Gatsby last night and......absolutely loved
it! In retrospect (as in halfway through the movie), it just clicked,
Leonardo was perfect. He wasn't Redford, but in my humble opinion,
better! He nailed it, portraying Gatsby as this truly multi-dimensional
character. At first, we're introduced to Gatsby, the well-rehearsed old
sport telling his canned story about studying at Oxford, Montenegro
medals, etc. etc., but then slowly that forced veneer peels away, and
he gives us this angsty, desperate, so-happy-in-love, we can remake the
past, tortured soul. Much, much better than Redford. And, the same goes
with Daisy. Mia Farrow's Daisy was all flighty and light as a feather,
pretty pathetic and self-absorbed, you wonder, what's the big deal with
this woman who everyone loves....but with Carey Mulligan, you get it.
The scenes of the two of them as young lovers explain it all. Finally,
Tobey McGuire....I love him as Peter Parker, Homer Wells and now Nick
Carraway. I thought the idea of having him author Gatsby from a
hospital was very clever, allowed him to read long passages directly
from the book. As for Jay-Z et al., I really didn't mind it, as far as
I was concerned, it didn't distract and certainly worked to illuminate
the frenetic energy of the 20's. Please, give it another try, see it
again. From my experience, a Baz Luhrmann movie is always better the
second time around (Moulin Rogue).
