9
Take the Gamble.

The Gambler (2014): Dir: Rupert Wyatt / Cast: Mark Wahlberg, John
Goodman, Brie Larson, Michael K. Williams, Jessica Lange: Film about
the dangerous lifestyle where everything is at risk. Mark Wahlberg
plays literature professor Jim Bennett whose gambling addiction is so
bad that he borrows from one loan shark to pay off another. He owes
money and his life has a time limit if he fails to pay up. Michael K.
Williams plays one of the loan sharks whom he owes a debt and he
threatens to harm a female student whom Bennett is involved if he
doesn't pay up. He makes a proposition that involves one of Bennett's
students who could go pro in basketball. John Goodman steals moments as
another loan shark who loans him money but not without a severe
warning. Bennett's addiction is so horrendous that even when he is
loaned money, he ends up pissing it all away gambling. This is the case
with his frustrated mother, played by Jessica Lange who reluctantly
takes her son to the bank where she takes out a large sum of cash. She
views her relationship with her son as dead, and worse yet, he doesn't
seem moved by her actions. Brie Larson plays a bright literature
student who engages with Bennett until they entangle romantically. Well
written despite a repetitious structure where Bennett is seen in
constant inner torture but freedom can be reached, and the third act
wisely wraps this up in a clever manner. Theme addresses addiction,
mainly to gambling and how far one's life can spiral out of control and
into the depths of despair and gambling with the lives of those around
us. Score: 9 / 10
