7
Well worth the watch even despite some flaws!

The acting is great, the soundtrack fantastic and the atmosphere the
movie creates sucks you in from the very beginning. The movie keeps you
guessing throughout at least for the first hour or so. You KNOW
something is off but you have no idea what exactly. When I watched it
my theory of what was going on changed every 10 minutes :D As the last
reviewer stated the first hour is definitely the best part.
Unfortunately towards the end the writers kind of dropped the ball. The
ending is somewhat unsatisfactorily predictable and the story can only
go the way it goes because of absolutely ridiculous mistakes made by
some of the characters. I don't know why most movies foam in the
endings but I guess in this case it is something that I'm very willing
to endure for the fun I had during the first 2/3 of the film.The acting is awesome for the most part. Dan Stevens does a great job
keeping you on the edge the whole time which is utterly entertaining.
The writing and dialogue are great except as mentioned above for the
somewhat disappointing ending. But all in all this movie stuck with me
and though it has been a couple of days since I watched it I still
"feel" the atmosphere it created (to a great extend due to its
unconventional soundtrack, which I eventually bought although it is
generally not my kind of music at all). This is a very good movie and I
am a little surprised that I basically had to stumble over it by
accident and it hasn't gotten more publicity. If the ending had been a
little different it could have been fantastic, none the less this way
it is still great.
