9
Did not disappoint...

This was my most anticipated movie of 2017 then I got even more pumped
for it after seeing the trailer and I'm glad I was because this
definitely did not disappoint it was awesome I loved it this is now my
2nd favorite in the Fast and Furious franchise at first I predicted
that Dom would just turn his back on his family for his own reasons
that it was his choice but turned out to be much bigger than that
Cipher who's played by Charlize Theron in this basically blackmailed
him to do it told him that he would kill Elena and the child he never
knew he had if he didn't co-operate with her so he ended up working
with her to a certain point but he was also figuring out how to get
himself out of it without Elena and his child being harmed although she
did end up being killed anyway which was sad because she was a huge
part of his team and his family to me. There was something else that
puzzled me that I was kind of disappointed about and that was the fact
that Deckard Shaw who had killed Han then came Dom and his team for his
comatose brother is all of a sudden working with them all of a sudden
they're friendly but as the movie progressed it made more sense to me
that he was after that I warmed up to that idea I was glad that he was
part of their team now because he really ended up bonding with them
especially after he saved Dom's son from Cipher they connected after
that which I was glad to see plus the fact they mentioned Brian and Mia
was nice they gave Brian a proper goodbye in Fast and Furious 7 then an
honorable mention in this one which was great I cried closer to the end
I won't reveal that because I don't want to spoil why to me this was
just as great without Paul Walker they still managed to make it bigger
and better now don't get me wrong I'm still sad that he's gone still
sad that he will never appear in a Fast and Furious movie again but
there's still story there still things they can do with this franchise
I hope they end it well because they have 2 more movies to go I
actually predict and hope that in Fast and Furious 9 Sean will become a
part of Dom's team I reckon that will be awesome because I like that
character plus I also can't wait to see how things progress now that
Deckard is a part of the team and before I forget Ramsay is another
character that I feel is now a part of the team even though she only
became a part of it in Fast and Furious 7 when Dom and the team saved
her life seems like she's settled in well that she's not just a part of
the team but the family as well. I give The Fate of The Furious a 9/10
it really was almost perfect to me.
