4
Kill Me Now

Three of the dumbest teenagers on planet Earth (and that's amongst
fierce competition at their high school) acquire powers that far from
turning them into super heroes, turns them in to ultra dumb fatheads
with incredible super powers, who apart from shouting and whooping at
each other (do all American kids truly behave like that? It's
exhausting) at every given opportunity, spend an in ordinate amount of
the picture spouting banal dialogue (12 year olds would get it perhaps)
and being completely thick. I know when we're young we're unworldly and
naive and given to making rash judgements and poor decisions, but these
guys get the award stereotypical teen movie morons. Of course its in
the script - if indeed there was one for much of the dialogue seemed
off the cuff and spontaneous. The three principles are really good at
their craft, working with what was a clich√©d portrait of American
schools and teens. Yuh know, the school bullies, the cheer leaders, the
party animals right down to the local neighbourhood thugs in Andrew's
(one of the three boys and principal characters) Piney leafy
neighbourhood, albeit a neighbourhood that's distressed and low rent. I
got very frustrated by the illogical and banal dialogue and just
couldn't see how the three boys could continue to be around each other
as they spent a lot of time at loggerheads and being macho (Yawn!) with
each other. As long as you're not looking for any intellectual approach
to the script this will satisfy those who have been missing Superman
lately and in fact at times it put me in mind of one of the early
Superman movies with Christopher Reeve. Its Schlock as far as I'm
concerned, but kids will probably identify with it.... sadly! Good
performances from Alex Russell and Michael B Jordan and a truly
terrifying performance from Michael Kelly as Andrew's drunken sadistic
father.
