8
For me, this was the movie that Anthropoid wasn't. Good.

I guess I would give this movie 7.5 out of 10. That is subject to a few
conditions. First, I like historical drama and I was very disappointed
with the movie Anthropoid, which was on the same topic. Second, ther's
a slight flaw in the way the movies is divided into two halves. for a
while you aren't sure what's happening and not in a good way. What I
liked about his that I did not like about Anthropoid? In Anthropoid, i
felt little connection to the characters and in this movie, there was
an emotional component, even giving some insight into how H himself
might have been. I loved that they included the perspective of his
wife.I love that they show her giving birth alone while he coldly
works. That shows some of the personal cost that is involved in being a
mindless killing machine. When the movie transitions form the Heinrich
family to the Czech resistance, I love the cinematography, but i would
have liked a tiny bit of context. If you know the story, you figure it
out one enough, but if you don't know, its disorienting. Another
reviewer here complained about the lack of moral context, that is, why
these characters fought to hard to do this and what did they achieve.
Its true that that is understated, but I like it. They mention it in
passing as they debate shutting down the operation. And its implied in
the sadness of the end. It was a real sacrifice. maybe an un-thanked
sacrifice, maybe a symbolic one. It didn't stop the war and it led to
retaliations and suffering. The benefits were not discussed, but as
they suggested, it showed the world that there was resistance, that the
Nazis were not invincible.
