6
A sea of suspense that lacks logic

I don't understand why people hate this movie. I understand how it's
pretty stupid but it still manages to entertain the viewer as well
build a great amount of suspense in the 3rd act. Also props to Russell
Crowe and Emma Watson for delivering great performance. Everyone
else... Meh! The story is about Noah and how he is shown by god that a
flood would be arriving soon due to how badly humankind has evolved.
Noah and his family then go and visit Methuselah,played wonderfully by
Anthony Hopkins who gives Noah his insight to building an ark. On the
way Noah finds Ila who is injured badly and is unable to conceive. From
there his family takes care of her and one of Noah's sons falls in love
with her. 15 or so years later when Noah has almost finished building
the ark a king comes and threatens him. Then the flood hits and chaos
ensues with a great 3rd act and a suspenseful battle. The animals in
the film looked quite unrealistic but the scene where the flood hits is
outstanding and awesome. You are also introduced to these rock
transformers who look cool but awfully unnecessary for a biblical film.
There is also a great battle which includes them in it. The film is
also enjoyable but quite slow in parts. The story is very nice and
entertaining but has trouble in the 1st act by being way too slow. The
3rd act was awesome though. The script is pretty clich√©d and stupid but
if you endure these things you can have a good time with this film. The
acting is also good but I still think that Logan Lerman is forced and
too shy but he was good in the 1st Percy Jackson film. in this he
didn't suit the role
