1
It's a rubbish rom com that trivialises young single parents

The writing is wannabe Richard Curtis (Four Weddings and A Funeral),
there are wannabe Hugh Grants, a wannabe Keira Knightley. Best friends,
girl and boy since the age of 5, girl gets pregnant by an irresponsible
guy who runs off, the original male friend goes to NY and hooks up with
a hot model wife ... I just don't want to even think about it. It makes
light of failed young relationships where a kid is involved and that
true love cannot be found with a hot wife in Manhattan with a great job
and materialistic life style, instead dreary England with a hot but not
as hot girl who has a child by another man is a better option. I think
I'd choose the emotionally challenged hot wife in Manhattan thank you
very much. It's unconvincing, it's unrealistic, people are not willing
to sacrifice what they have for a person with baggage across the
Atlantic. The single parent girl in England even accepts the bum dad
that abandoned his child in the first place and gets burnt, so the girl
in England is portrayed as stupid and irresponsible also. There's even
the inevitable rush at the end as the person whose made a series of
relationship mistakes runs to what she believes to be the true love of
her life and vice versa, that good old Rom Com clich√© I just hate this
movie, I want my electricity paid for which I spent on the TV watching
this drivel, I want my 110 minutes or so back where I could have been
asleep instead....
