4
The secret in their eyes. .el secreto de sus ojos ( spoiler alert )

Yesterday I have watched the movie " secret in their eyes " starring
Julia Roberts and nicole kidman. . The movie is a remake of the
Argentinian movie " el secreto de sus ojos " the Oscar winning movie
2010 for best foreign movie The remake was not up to the same standard
or emotional impact of the first film .. I couldn't live the same
thriller mystery atmosphere I had watching the original film Even they
couldn't deliver the whole moto of the movie which was that if you
wanna know the secret of a person you look in his eyes as it will
reveal his deepest passion and emotions Neither could they deliver the
deep intense emotional suffering of the hopeless love of the
investigator to his boss In the original movie it was a young woman
brutally raped and killed by an old school mate and the investigator
could point out who the killer was only by the look of his eyes to her
in All her photos which revealed passion reaching the level of
obsession And as the movie went on they showed us the determination of
her loving grieving husband who dedicated his life just for finding the
killer and to punish him by life sentence and when justice failed him
he decided to take matters by his own hands and lied to the
investigator that he killed him but because the latter knew the husband
wouldn't relief the killer by ending his life he followed him to his
house to discover he has held the killer captive in a cage for the past
25 yrs feeding and nourishing him to live and rotten in his prison to
pay for his deeds When the investigator saw the killer in the cage the
killer begged him to just make the husband talk to him .. for 25 yrs he
brought him food everyday and never had a word with him to torture him
even a more torture than what he would have got in prison That was his
revenge and justice In the remake it was a cops daughter " Julia
Roberts " who dedicated her life as well to find and revenge for the
killer and had also kept him captive in her prison for 13 yrs
emotionally torturing him and never talking to him.. they changed the
ending by the investigator giving her a gun to kill the man who killed
her daughter not to take revenge from him but to relieve herself from
the same prison she locked herself into and starting her life all over
again so they killed and buried him The ending of the original movie in
my opinion was so much more intense and served the whole meaning of
revenge even if it meant the husband was locked up in the idea of
revenge with his prisoner as already his life ended by the act of
murder of the love of his life The addition made in the remake kind of
spoilt this meaning and cooled off the intensity of the whole master
scene of the cage and suffering of the killer I give the remake 4/10
and I guess it would hardly win any prizes compared to the 10/10 I give
to the original version That's the reason I prefer non American movies especially Latin and
Spanish movies That was my critic review for the movie and if you are
intending to watch this one I advise you to watch the original one " el
secreto de sus ojos " It's a must watch piece of art you won't regret
to watch MINO
