7
Good People Deserve Good Things

When Simon Callum (Jason Bateman) moves with his wife Robyn (Rebecca
Hall) from Chicago to an astonishing house in California to work in a
new job, they need to go shopping in a store. Out of the blue, a man
named Gordon "Gordo" Moseley (Joel Edgerton) stumbles upon Simon and
tells that he was a former high school classmate. Gordo overhears their
address and brings gifts for the couple, making Simon uncomfortable.
Then he invites the couple to have dinner with him and they learn that
Gordo lives in a mansion. He receives a phone call and leaves the
couple alone at his home and Simon decides to snoop around and mock
him. When Gordo returns, Simon says that he should stay away from Robyn
and him. There are incidents at Simon's home and the family's dog
disappears and Simon blames Gordo. Simon drives to his house and he
finds that Gordo does not live there. However the dog returns and the
couple receive a letter of apology from Gordo telling to let bygones be
bygones. Robyn is curious about the meaning but she gets pregnant. When
Robyn discovers that her husband bullied Gordo in high school, she
decides to research their past, discovering dreadful secrets from
Simon's past. There are many problems with Simon and when the baby is
born, he receives a mysterious gift from Gordo. What might be the gift?"The Gift" is a different thriller where the bad guy is not who the
viewer initially imagine. There is tension along the whole story and
the conclusion is open. With the resource of DNA, Simon may come up to
conclusions about the paternity of his son. But the point is that Gordo
and Robyn has always had a civilized relationship and he tells her that
good people deserve good things. Therefore, he probably has not raped
and harmed her. But this is just an opinion. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): "O Presente" ("The Gift")
