6
Smart start. Good action. Lost points for the clichés.

Overall I enjoyed this movie. I put off watching it after it bombed in
the theaters. The other night I was wanting an action movie so
revisited thee IMDb site and saw some stellar (10 out of 10) reviews
and sad let's give this a shot. Stallone actually acting is one of his
better roles in this one. Not on par with Cop Land or Rocky but up
there. He balances the tough guy with intelligence with an even easy
flow that's believable. Arnold on the other hand, who has never really
been known as a great actor even though I think he did his best real
acting in Maggie, seems to just walk through his lines and rest on the
fact that he's n action movie icon so why put in the effort. Jim
Caviezel playing out of character playing a Bond type villain with a
bit of corniness, and I say that as a compliment, as he did so very
well. THe premise of the movie is great. The attempt at being a smart
action movie almost works. Thee were times it just decided to become a
cliché of your typical brainless action movie. I like some of those.
Stallone's Expendables being one. If this would have stayed on the path
of that intelligent action movie this could've been a box office hit
and a memorable film. Most people I have mentioned this movie to never
even head of it or forgot it totally and they are fans of the genre,
Stallones, and/or Arnold's. Sadly, This is an easily forgettable movie.
Watch it for the entertainment and quality but don't expect much.
