7
The problem with Colossal is not Colossal's problem.

Fist off, this is a good film. Let me get that out of the way. To h*ll
with the haters. It's smart. Clever. Unique. If you pay attention there
are plenty of gags. Hathaway shines and all the rest. It's just NOT the
film the trailers lead people to believe, and I really hate that. The
trailers filled seats with people who were expecting to see some quirky
romcom and instead they got 'Annie Darko' and wound up hating it. And
this is a major pet peeve of mine. The same thing happened with "White
God" This kind of advertising always backfires. The PR dpt just puts
together any trailer they think will fill the seats on opening night,
then it brings the wrong audience and hurts the film in the long run.
Colossal should have been advertised like "Motorama" or "The Dark
Backwards"... or "Eating Raul". It's a dark edgy comedy and it's not
supposed to be of the 'wacky wild hilarity' genre'. OK, it's not a life
altering cinema, but it is far better than most of the critiques I've
read. And one thing all those critiques had in common...? They all said
it wasn't what they were expecting, or it couldn't figure out what it
wanted to be. Wrong. The film was exactly what it was trying to be. The
viewers just couldn't figure out what it was doing because they all
thought it was trying to do something else.... primarily because of the
way it was presented. Not that it's easy to describe. Just abandon your
preconceived notions before you watch. I actually like it better than
the film I thought it would be.
