1
Disappointed

This movie was alright, just definitely not what I expected to see.
Though this movie may have been closer to the books, I completely
disagree that it was better than the first one. I honestly didn't see
much change in "The Lightning Thief" from the books, mostly details on
how the characters were described in them. Now in the second movie,
they did fix the differences of the characters in the books that were
in th first movie. For kids who have read the books, this one was
probably better since it was closer to the books, but it was VERY
cheesy.All of the comedy felt really forced, For example when Percy, Annabeth,
Grover and Tyson come out of the taxi and Tyson says something like
"That... Was... Awesome! Let's do it again!" honestly, to me, it was
pathetic. One thing I was concerned about after the movie was when
Kronos came out of the coffin and 'ate' Luke. That was unexpected, and
it made me wonder how they were going to do the next movies if Luke was
dead (Or not.) Even if he isn't dead, Kronos already went against him,
and since the next books he is basically the body of Kronos, it makes
me wonder what the directors will do. I won't be negative on the entire
movie, since there was good action, the plot was creative and pretty
clever, and "Rainbow" the hippocampus was beautifully done, very much
how I imagined her/him in the books. But overall, I would say it's not
worth watching. Sorry, this one was a downer.
