9
A good mix between toy story and bolt

A great film with good humour and likable characters If your going to
watch this film, watch it for the rabbit Kevin Hart kills it as the
over the top villain The soundtrack is also very good, it fits the film
well Lenord takes your stereotypical views of poodles and flips it the
other way The constant fight between cats and dogs is funny And, I
won't spoil it but there is an awesome fight scene at the end There are
classic animation sad moments The plot is also good it starts of like
toy story with a new dog coming home from the pound and the original
and the new dogs do not agree to say the least. The two end up fighting
and get caught by the pest control in the process due to a gang of
cats. The get broken out by a bunny rabbit and his goons (a pig and a
lizard) and briefly become friends until the rabbit finds out the two
dogs have an owner. Then they go on the run with the rabbit and his
gang close behind. Meanwhile gidget and the rest of the pets in the
block realise max is gone and try to find him. With the help of an old
dog and a birds they get to max and duke just in time to stop the gang
from killing them both. Before this max found out that duke had an
owner before Katie, and when they realise they are near his old house
so the try's to get duke confront his old owner when they get there
they find out that a new family live there and duke old owner has died.
Then duke gets caught by pet control again (who have also been after
the two) , also caught are snowballs friends the pig and lizard so max
and him Join forces to take down the pet control, which they do, but
push the van off the edge of the Brooklyn bridge in the process. The
pig and the lizard escape. It takes a little while to save duke but
they do in the end. And they all go home No seriously, the bunny rabbit
It is mind blowing Also to answer the question of someone in the
message board, there is a Guini pig
