1
worst film of 2013

This movie was so depressingly awful, we reached for a copy of Flirting
With Disaster to relieve the trauma suffered by watching 40 minutes of
this assault on the brain and senses. It's squarely the screenplay's
fault which seems to have been written in a playground one afternoon
and shot the next day. How any actor with name recognition agreed to be
in this suck fest is beyond me.The entire flow of the movie seems like
a high school play, with one scene setting up an idiotic premise and
the next scene fulfilling it as badly as possible. None of the
characters is in any way believable Jason Sudeikis comes across like a
yuppie in a Verizon commercial from the get-go when he's passed off as
a drug dealer- a sourpuss, unlikeable jerk. Jennifer Aniston is
capable, but I don't buy her as a stripper for a second. And that
Fundamentalist- Christian outfit from 1992 she has to wear throughout
this torture fest is just too painful to watch. Ed Helms doesn't have
to be believable as a marijuana cartel guy (chuckle, yeah, right,
marijuana), but his lines are just so unfunny. When the border agents
beat an old hippie senseless and the Mexicans scurried away from under
the bus, I had to turn it off. How insulting to the nation of Mexico.
After viewing Despues de Lucia hours before this waste of time, a movie
set in Mexico City, it's obvious Mexican filmmakers and the characters
they depict have more class and finesse in their little finger than the
writer and director of We're The Millers will have in a lifetime.
