6
The  Purge: Election  Year

I'm not a fan of this franchise, but I have to admit that it has got
more ambitious with each new film. The Purge wasted its complicated
(and too improbable) premise on a typical home invasion tale. The
second film, The Purge: Anarchy, focused on the urban chaos. And the
third part, The Purge: Election Year, (excessively) exploits the
political satire which had barely been suggested in its predecessors.
This doesn't mean that The Purge: Election Year is a very good film,
but at least, it offers a more interesting and fluid story, supported
by a relevant message... even though it's said on such an obvious and
strident way that it's difficult to take it seriously. The ridiculous
exaggeration employed by director and screenwriter James DeMonaco in
every aspect of the movie barely surpass the reality; 3 years ago, when
the original film was released, the Purge looked like a distant
fantasy, but we are currently so close to that social collapse that an
even more extreme screenplay is needed in order to return to the
fiction field. The bad thing is that DeMonaco's narrative manipulations
keep being weak and illogical: the heroes make inexcusable mistakes,
while the villains vary between invincible and incompetent, according
to the requirements of each scene; and the political rhetoric of the
screenplay seems written by a first semester university student who has
just read his first communist pamphlet. But, well... at least, the
actors make a good work in their roles, bringing an appropriate balance
of humor and seriousness. Frank Grillo brings a credible performance,
while Elizabeth Mitchell is perfect as Senator Roan. And as common
people trapped into the violence of the Purge, we have Mykelti
Williamson, Joseph Julian Soria, Betty Gabriel and Edwin Hodge... they
all play cinematographic clich√©s, but they still managed to bring
humanity to their characters. In conclusion, I wasn't left very
satisfied by The Purge: Election Year, but it didn't bore me and I
found it superior to the previous two films, so I can give it a slight
recommendation, mainly to the followers of this saga and public servers
searching for spiritual peace because they aren't as evil as the ones
portrayed in this movie.
