7
V/H/S (2012) - A Found-Footage Style Horror Movie! Doesn't that Remind You of Anything? Yeah, That's What I Thought!

Released early on demand, after it's premiere at the Sundance Film
Festival, "V/H/S" is a horror movie told through the "already tired"
aspect of found-footage material, shown from the perspective of a
hand-held camera. A group of hoodlums has been strangely assigned to
break into an abandoned haunted house, and steal a particular V/H/S
tape. But once making it to the house, they start to find a wide
collection of plenty of V/H/S tapes, and we are introduced to a series
of "found-footage" shorts, as the group starts to watch each tape at a
time, as if the audience is in the room, with these guys, watching the
tapes. Each tape has a different particular horror story, some work,
and some doesn't. Let's recap each one! 1. A group of guys start to
become haunted by a strange woman during a "guys night out" (Works), 2.
A married couple on their second honeymoon, whom doesn't realize that a
certain someone has been sneaking on them (Kind of works), 3. A group
of friends being hunted down while on a trip to the lake (Hardly
works), 4. A young girl communicates with her "doctor-to-be" boyfriend
over the Internet, believing that her apartment is being haunted
(Doesn't work), and 5. A group of guys awaiting an awesome Halloween
party, but they got more than what they bargained for (Perfectly
works). "V/H/S" is probably one of the most scariest, and one of the
most disturbing movies I've ever laid eyes on. Filled with plenty of
great scares, some disgustingly grotesque moments, and tons of scenes
that will leave you speechless. Now, there are times when this movie
follows almost every horror clich√© in the book, and although this movie
is supposed to be portrayed as a "found-footage" feature, the camera
movements are a little too shaky. But, this movie does stay true to
it's promise by giving such scares that won't let audiences sleep later
at night. Although I prefer "The Cabin in the Woods" as the better
horror movie this year, I prefer "V/H/S" as the better horror movie in
the terms of scaring me, grossing me out, and leaving me awake at
night! In ordinary horror movie fashion, there is plenty of great fun
to be found in "V/H/S". I'm just saying you've been warned, because if
you're somewhat interested in seeing it, I must warn you that this
movie is sick and grotesque, leaving audiences in a stage of vomiting
and sleeping with the lights on. "V/H/S", in my review, "A freaky,
original, and grotesque scare-fest".
