7
The female of the species is deadlier than the male...

Even at this early stage this interesting feature from Canada has the
look of a future cult movie. It's decidedly left-field in subject
matter. In it a female medical student with financial troubles turns to
the shady world of underground surgeries. Before long she is carrying
out more and more outlandish procedures. Pleasingly this one is
directed by women. It's ridiculous in this day and age how rare it
remains for women to be given the director's reigns. This film shows
that the female vision can be very twisted and macabre indeed. The
directors are identical twins Jen and Sylvia Soska who appear in a
cameo as Eastern European sisters who crave bizarre body modifications.
Their direction is very stylised but with grit where necessary. I'm not
usually queasy when it comes to movies but I can honestly say that one
surgical scene left me looking away. The third female presence is star
Katherine Isabelle of Ginger Snaps fame. She is very good in a dark and
sexy performance. She is a great anti-heroine and her revenge moment on
a man who attacked her is one that had me inwardly cheering.Seeing as this is a Canadian horror film perhaps a comparison with
David Cronenberg is inevitable. But in this instance it's a fairly
relevant one as in many ways this is another example of the body horror
sub-genre. It's a film that combines contemporary sadistic horror with
a view of an unusual subculture of people who modify their bodies
through surgery. It isn't a very story driven film to be fair and it
sometimes lacks a bit of overall dynamism but this is only a relatively
minor observation and it is pleasingly original for the most part.
Overall the feature could perhaps best be described as what would
happen if Clive Barker was to direct a film that combined elements of
Hard Candy and Audition.
