3
A deplorable attempt at cashing in on something that didn't have a chance in the first place.

Fantastic Four started catching my eye in the casting stage. Seemingly
not giving a damn about the source material, it was refreshing to see
those kind of balls especially from Marvel. While I welcome Michael B.
Jordan as The Human Torch, I wish I could say the same thing about the
rest of the film. Fantastic Four is merely a reboot that loses its
steam after the first act. Coming in at just over an hour and a half,
the film is a rushed piece of reject summer movie drab. The characters
are paper thin and about 10 years too young for their respective roles.
The visual effects are far from stunning, especially The Thing, whose
transformation into the ghastly beast is something closer to a PS2 game
than an actual film with a $100 million price tag. Miles Teller proves
here that his performance in Whiplash is truly a fluke. As Mr.
Fantastic, he struggles to sound like he knows what he is talking
about. Perhaps a little more rehearsal time and a little less focus on
that cheap looking silver streak in his hair could have benefited him.
Kate Mara as Susan Storm is about as idiotic as it can get. Mara is a
great actress, there's no other way about it but Kate Mara as Susan
Storm is terrible and borderline embarrassing. The biggest shock here
in this film is where all the controversy started...Michael B. Jordan
as The Human Torch. Jordan's ability to be a badass likable gear head
is insanely good. He's the best part of this film by far. If there is
anyone that could single handedly carry this film on their back, it is
him. The film overall is too dark for Fantastic Four and too shallow
for Marvel which leaves it drifting somewhere between ridiculous and
not necessary...and at times, both. If there's any movie to see this
summer, I can assure you, Fantastic Four is NOT it.
