6
Funny enough family flick.

Thanks to Phil Lord and Chris Miller, directors of 2014's extremely
popular The Lego Movie, the Lego Cinematic Universe is in full swing.
Earlier this year there was Lego Batman, now they're moving into kung
fu territory (for the uninitiated: Ninjago = ninja lego). Resetting /
expanding the story told through eight seasons of TV show Ninjago:
Masters of Spinjitzu, six heroic teenage ninjas must defend their city
against fire-crying, shark-shooting and egocentric-manchild Garmadon
(Justin Theroux). Twist: lead ninja, Lloyd (Dave Franco), is actually
Garmadon's son, and he carries plenty of emotional baggage on his
missions to defeat his absentee father. Luckily Master Wu (Jackie
Chan), Lloyd's uncle, pops in to help in amusingly random and cryptic
ways. Although boasting some playful martial arts sequences and
larger-scale action set pieces, both highlighting the cleverness of
these lego flicks, this film is a comedy first and foremost. Going with
the quantity over quality approach, everything but the lego sink is
thrown at the screen in the pursuit of laughs. Puntastic one-liners,
metaphorical gags, cheeky film references, and broad visual jokes are
all present. For every hit there's a miss, which is a decent ratio
considering the rapid-fire method of comedy and the relatively quick
runtime. Meeting expectations without exceeding them, The Lego Ninjago
Movie doesn't light the world on fire, however it does offer a solid
big-screen option for the school holidays.
