1
You're not short-sighted. There's actually nothing on the screen

I hadn't fully grasped the meaning of the word "agony" until I went to
the cinema last night and watched "The Intern". Let me start by saying
that I'm by no means a cinephile, I have seen a few movies in my life
and I have opinions, that's about it. What's amazing about "The Intern"
is that there is not one single event unfolding on the screen that
would provoke a reaction in the viewer. At some point I felt like
checking people's pulses, as we had all been sitting there for more
than an hour and I hadn't heard a single comment. This movie is a
horrible display of stereotyped anthropology, both old and new clich√©s,
with a sequence of facts narrated with no connection whatsoever between
them. It doesn't make you cry, it doesn't make you laugh, it's just a
two hour long placebo that you would watch if you were part of a
control group in a lab. But at least in that case you would get some
vouchers. Do not buy any snacks as you'll end up with appendicitis,
cause you'll devour them all in the attempt of killing time. When you
finally think the torture is over, a "twist" in the story makes you
dread that you will have to watch the extra time of this stalemate
between boredom and uselessness. One last warning: be ready for the
cheesiest lines and shots you've ever seen. Close-up of toothbrushes to
symbolize love, narrative stratagems that don't make any sense and a
constant celebration of relationship in the most banal way are the main
traits to this movie. The bottom line of "The Intern" is you should
keep working like crazy and eat junk food, as long as you cycle in your
own office, have a massive house in the heart of Brooklyn and make
millions with the company you created. There is one good thing about
this film though, and it was leaving the cinema to go home and watch
another one.
