4
Clichéd, overly-sentimental and waaaay too long.

With its noble intentions and heartfelt effort, it's difficult to be
critical of this family relationship drama. Focussing on a stubborn old
Judge (Robert Duvall) who is alleged to have killed an ex-convict in a
hit and run, and his estranged lawyer son (Robert Downey Jr) who is
defending him in a small-town court, all the while trying to reconcile
their broken relationship, I wanted to be swept up in it. But for all
of the love and hard work poured into this motion picture from the
director and his cast, The Judge just has too many drawbacks to look
past. The score is manipulative rather than affecting, the
cinematography is weirdly ostentatious when it should be subtle and the
almost two and a half hour runtime is ludicrously unnecessary. Yet the
major issues begin and end with the script. Mawkishly sentimental,
over-burdened with clichés it can't transcend and dishing out more
clunky dialogue than the high-calibre actors deserve, Nick Schenk and
Bill Dubuque's screenplay is not up to scratch for what should've been
an Oscar contender. Take nothing away from the cast though, Robert
Downey Jr nails his key dramatic scenes (although he relies on his
trademark cocky charisma a tad too much in the opening 30 minutes),
Robert Duvall is fearless in his portrayal of an aging man losing his
faculties, and Vincent D'Onofrio demonstrates why he should be getting
more big screen supporting work, with a nuanced take on Downey Jr's
older brother who never got to leave town for bigger and better things.
Unfortunately Vera Farmiga and Billy Bob Thornton  as old flame and
slick prosecutor respectively  are inexcusably underused. A massive
disappointment for a rare mainstream straight-up drama, the pedestrian
screenplay ultimately derails proceedings.
