8
"Dramatic, poignant and rightfully provocative..."

Danish screenwriter and director Thomas Vinterberg's eight feature film
which he co-wrote with Danish screenwriter and director Tobias Lindholm
and co-produced, premiered In competition at the 65th Cannes
International Film Festival in 2012, was screened in the Special
Presentations section at the 37th Toronto International Film Festival
in 2012 and is a Danish production which was shot on location in
Denmark and produced by Danish producer and screenwriter Morten
Kaufmann and Danish producer Sisse Graum Jørgensen. It tells the story
about Lucas, a recently divorced middle-aged man who just began working
at a kindergarten and who wishes to spend more time with his teenage
son Marcus who lives with his mother. After starting a romance with a
foreign woman named Nadja things improve, but one day during a
conversation with Grethe who runs the day-care center, he learns that a
girl named Klara has told her an unsettling story about him. In a
matter of days a spark is turned into a flame and a harmonic village
into an irrational witch-hunt against one individual. Finely and acutely directed by Danish filmmaker Thomas Vinterberg, this
finely paced fictional tale which is narrated from multiple viewpoints
though mostly from the main character's point of view, draws an
instantly involving and profoundly heartrending portrayal of a little
girl who after being unintentionally hurt by a well-liked man whom she
has a childhood crush on, unknowingly and with only a few words
incriminates him by expressing her anger to the head of the
kindergarten. While notable for its naturalistic rural milieu
depictions, fine production design by Danish production designer Torben
Stig Nielsen, cinematography by Danish cinematographer Charlotte Bruus
Christensen, editing by Danish film editors Janus Billeskov Jansen and
Anne Østerud, use of sound and realism, this character-driven and
narrative-driven psychological drama about family relations, friendship
and irrevocable accusations which is set during a late winter in
Denmark, depicts a refined study of character and contains a good score
by Danish composer Nikolaj Egelund. This somewhat romantic, at times humorous, atmospheric and tangible
intrigue which has been chosen as Denmark's official submission to the
Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards
in 2014 and where a friendship is tested, a hunter becomes the hunted
and the question of guilt transforms ordinary people into paranoid
Savages, is impelled and reinforced by its cogent narrative structure,
subtle character development, mysterious characters, brilliant writing,
the tailor-made though distinct and accomplished acting performance by
Danish actor Mads Mikkelsen, the understated acting performance by
Danish actor Thomas Bo Larsen and the impressively authentic acting
performance by child actress Annika Wedderkopp. A dramatic, poignant
and rightfully provocative tale which gained, among other awards, the
award for Best Actor Mads Mikkelsen and the Vulcain Prize of the
Technical Artist Charlotte Bruus Christensen for outstanding
cinematography at the 65th Cannes Film Festival in 2012.
