8
"Introspective, monumental and mythical..."

American screenwriter, producer and director Steven Spielberg's
twenty-eight feature film which he co-produced and which was written by
American screenwriter and playwright Tony Kushner, is partly based on a
book from 2005 called "Team of Rivals : The Political Genius of Abraham
Lincoln" by American author and historian Doris Kearns Goodwin. It
premiered in USA, was shot on locations in the Commonwealth of
Virginia, USA and is a US production which was produced by American
producer Kathleen Kennedy. It tells the story about the president of
the United States of America named Abraham Lincoln who in January, 1865
whilst living with his wife named Molly and son named Bob in the White
House in the capital city of USA and as the American Civil War is in
its fourth year, does everything in his power to find a peaceful
solution regarding the war and encourages his cabinet members to get
people from the Democratic Party to vote for the abolishment of
slavery.Distinctly and precisely directed by North American filmmaker Steven
Spielberg, this quietly paced and biographical tale which is narrated
from multiple viewpoints though mostly from the main character's point
of view, draws a humane and heartrending portrayal of middle-aged
lawyer, politician, father, husband and philanthropist from the
American South who despite opposing ideas from his colleagues insists
on indorsing the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States
Constitution. While notable for it's distinct and naturalistic milieu
depictions, sterling cinematography by Polish cinematographer and
director Janusz Kaminski, production design by American production
designer and art director Rick Carter and costume design by English
costume designer Joanna Johnston, this dialog-driven and
narrative-driven story about the first president of the Republican
Party and his relationship with his spouse and his oldest son named
Robert depicts a reverent and nuanced study of character and contains a
timely score by American composer John Williams.This conversational, political and at times humorous period piece which
is set mostly in Washington, D.C. in America during the mid-1860s and
where a radical republican and Congressman named Thaddeus Stevens is
debating the opponents of the amendment of slavery and the head of
state is in a dedicated strive for peace and equality whilst thinking
about the future of his family, his nation and his fellow citizens, is
impelled and reinforced by it's cogent narrative structure, subtle
character development and continuity, the untouchable acting
performance by English actor Daniel Day-Lewis and the remarkable acting
performances by American actress Sally Field, American actor Tommy Lee
Jones and American actor David Strathairn. An introspective, monumental
and mythical portrait of an historical figure which gained, among
numerous other awards, the Academy Award for Best Actor Daniel
Day-Lewis and Best Production Design Rick Carter at the 85th Academy
Awards in 2013.
