7
A Somewhat Ordinary Action Thriller with Some Heart

This Die Hard (1988) wannabe strays into dangerous territory in how
seriously dramatic it descends. It's tone becomes darker as
contemporary action movies seem to have become in general nowadays. The
movie starts with a hard-hitting road battle the likes of Clear and
Present Danger (1994). However whether the entertainment value goes up
with this type of action thriller genre, does it reach a delicate
balance between intense suspense along with heroic exhilaration or
result in more disappointment, frustration in the dramatic outcomes
that occur as the storyline progresses? Security almost plays out, even
if it might reflect more of a rational outcome, more like a typical
horror movie, with the human assassins playing the role of monsters.
Think From Dusk Till Dawn (1996). Instead of using the Die Hard story
formula, Security tries too hard to expand on the drama and torturous
action experience, including probably the inclusion of unrealistically
too many bad guys. Psychologically, the audience attachment and
connection to the characters to the movie becomes fewer and fewer and a
sense of frustration and disappointment increase. This movie is pretty
much run of the mill action thriller that proceeds towards a rather
predictable and over rather the top dramatic climax. What makes this
movie a bit different is the precarious performance of the Mall boss
who is both quite irritating, irascible yet somehow engaging with a
good heart as well as a rather tender last few scenes. So instead of a
six, this movie might be grudgingly a seven.
