1
Oh its so bad terrible one of my biggest guilty pleasures of All time Its so bad it is good

Alright the shitty major guilty pleasure franchise based on the shitty
twilight fan fiction continues so will it be better or worst than the
first one or what? Thats what we will know right now ,firstly it was
way way way worst than the 1st one,i wanted to see it at the cinema
cause it could be deleted version but in did see it both cinema and
leaked version so i said why not specially the director i love his
movies so i had some hopes that they could learn from the mistakes but
they made it worst the acting was way way way worst even Dakota Johnson
she looks great Jarmie Dornan is right in loving her but she was worst
than the first one although Grey's pleasures or his bad way in treating
her was not harsh as the first one but still his acting was like a
falsehood acting even the soundtrack that the first one was perfect
at,this one's music was bad only countable songs were good even the sex
scenes itself one in the beginnings of the movie wasn't made right but
the rest were realistic again because they edited some music its not
NC-17 if it was NC17 movie i would've said its great one but no, i just
liked the chemistry between them but porn watchers will say its a good
one but I'm not a porn watcher I'm saying its a guilty pleasure cause
its laughably bad it is good and i could enjoy it without making it a
good one again another shitty soft core porn feature film my rating is
its not horseshit its triple horseshit or horseshit to the power of 10ðŸ˜‚
that's why my score is 1/10
