7
White People Watching

My husband and I are middle class white people in the over 60 crowd. We
have never been to the theater to specifically see a Madea movie, so
first timers. It was a very mixed crowd, definitely both white and
black, old and young. Some black and white coming together! that's
cool. The movie was an afternoon show and it was pretty packed. My
husband and I sat on the end of the row, but somehow a family ended up
right next to us and I was literally elbow to elbow with a Tyler Perry
look alike, which was amusing. I enjoyed the movie, but found the talk
of child discipline a little over the top. I'm not going to laugh at
someone saying they were on life support at 4 years old because Madea
didn't like being talked back to. That was kind of awful. It makes her
sound unhinged in a not so funny way. I'm not sure what Tyler Perry was
reliving there. It was in general a bit on the preachy side but that
was part of the plot I'm guessing. The "three stooges" or in this case
four stooges, was otherwise pretty classic slap stick. The scenes of
Mable..or Madea.. doing her thing and talking in her unique way is
surprisingly funny. Happy Holler-ween... and the church scene when she
ran from the zombies "Help me Jesus!" had the audience in hysterics.
There are numerous "plot holes", but it didn't matter that much. You
just can't think too hard about it. After all its not serious theater
in an big sense. It's apparent "she" has a following, and she's a no
nonsense woman of the world, with her "Ho"-0-1-K. It was a good
diversion.
