3
I am so-so sad :(

I am really really disappointed to be honest. I was waiting for this
movie for so long, I loved Suicide Squad in Assault on Arkham and I was
so happy when the news arrived about the live action movie. And as a
massive Jared Leto fan I was extremely happy they chose him for the
role of my all time favorite character, Joker. So I was hyped to see
him, but the whole gang too. And what I got from the movie was equal
with pure sadness. I mean, Jared was in it for a total 10 minutes and
his role could have been easily left out, I only knew the characters
because I read the comics and watched the wonderful animation (which by
the way a 100 times better), the story telling was HORRIBLE, the actors
could have been wonderful but they kinda lost in the terrible script.
Will Smith, Margot Robbie and Viola Davis were fantastic but we didn't
really get to know them... and the other characters were only there
for... who know why? WHY DC, WHY? This story had so much promise and
you ruined it... You should have adopted the Assault on Arkham into a
live action movie... All these characters would needed a stand alone
movie, and once we've got to know them then put them together... sure
it would take years to build up a universe like that, but come on,
that's what Marvel did and their movies are amazing! I am so, so sad
right now... All of the actors deserve way better than this and they
all have great potential
