6
The Tape of Henry

Well, it was not a perfect film and not really a great one either but
for sure not as bad as many critics and audiences make it out to be.
The problem is that it was incredibly uneven. I think it was a very
ambitious project for Colin Trevorrow but I am not sure what he really
tried to achieve with it. It started out as a cute family movie, turns
into a tragic drama and ends up as a thriller. And it never really
works for either of those three "genres" it has. I really liked Naomi
Watts and think she did a good job with her role. It was not one of her
greatest turns but for sure she knew how to handle that character. And
I liked how it was written as it was very original in a way. Jason
Lieberher did a fine job but there was something annoying about his
performance. Jacob Tremblay was the better of the two. He really had
some great moments. Not sure why Sarah Silverman's character was there
but at least she was scene stealing. I liked Dean Norris who did a fine
job. But the thing is the film had too many loose ends, too many
unanswered questions. Also the ending with the tape was not really
believable as it was too constructed and rather a dialogue which is not
possible the way it was portrayed. Also some character
developments/decisions were not really reasonable. All in all it was a
nice idea that deserved a better execution. It did have some good and
also emotional scenes. The acting was decent enough but as ambitious as
it was, I don't think Treovrrow handled it the right way.
