9
Hip, smart and funny

Jim Jarmusch's delicious new comedy is a vampire movie unlike any
other. It's set in the present but forget those "Twilight" sagas; these
are vampires for the art-house crowd, smart, funny and yes, sexy
creatures of the night, (the whole film takes place at night; there
isn't a single shot in daylight), and I was crazy about them. Indeed
Jarmusch has fashioned a masterpiece about a couple of lonely people
whose only solace is each other, doomed if you like to be together for
all eternity or until one of them gets a stake or a wooden bullet in
the heart or drinks some 'bad blood'; (I loved the subtle AIDS
metaphor; be careful who you bite). Adam, (tall, dark and sexy Tom
Hiddleston), and Eve, (a mesmerizing Tilda Swinton), have been married
to each other, several times it would appear, over the centuries but
living separate lives, he in Detroit as a reclusive musician, she in
Tangier where she has another old vampire for a friend. He is
Christopher Marlowe, (yes that Christopher Marlowe), and he's played by
John Hurt with a twinkle in his eye. It's when Eve visits Adam in
Detroit, flying by night, (in a plane; what did you expect -
bat-wings?), that all hell breaks loose in the shapely form of Eve's
sexy sister, (a terrific Mia Wasikowska), who can't keep her fangs to
herself. As you would expect from Jarmusch this is funny, intelligent
and off-the-wall. Hiddleston proves to be a highly dapper comedian
while Swinton is superb as Eve, getting all she can out of a life she
knows is going to go on forever. Unmissable.
