9
An awesome western after a very long time.

Saw this in early 2016 on a DVD. Revisited it recently. I was waiting
for a second viewing before writing a review about this good film. The
plot - A suspicious stranger is shot in the leg n put into a lock up by
the sheriff Kurt Russell. Unknown to the him n the townsfolk, the
stranger n his dead partner has insulted a cannibalistic tribe. Later,
the stranger, a deputy n a lady doctor who is nursing the wounded
stranger r all abducted by the savage tribesmen. Now the sheriff goes
on a rescue mission along with his backup deputy, Richard Jenkins, a
gunslinger, Matthew Fox and a wounded Patrick Wilson, husband of the
lady doc. Before going on this mission, they r all warned about the
savage cannibalistic tribe. Fans of the western genre will definitely
enjoy this slow burner. Mind you, this film is not at all boring. The
dialogues r good, the character development is brilliant n the acting
is top notch. The pacing of the film is well complemented with
intelligent and witty humor and highly likable characters n a sense of
brooding dread. The debutante director, Zahler did a terrific job
considering the budget. Before diving into the brutality n shocking
violent confrontation, the director effectively builds tension and
suspense. He is also aided by some superb cinematography by Benji
Bakshi. The director is heavily influenced by classics such as The
Searchers n Hills have eyes. Fans of Burrowers, Dead birds, Ravenous,
Grimm prairie tales, Ghost town- 1988, will definitely enjoy this.
