7
Contrived Pretentious Lifeless Style over Substance

Moonrise Kingdom is charming, quirky, cute, affable, well-composed,
sentimental, nostalgic and pragmatic; and I HATED IT. When it comes to
Wes Anderson films, there are three guarantees: children will act like
adults, girls will carry around suitcases, and parents will not
understand - Moonrise Kingdom cashes in on the Anderson promises with
much aplomb. If you have never seen a Wes Anderson film you might find
Moonrise Kingdom to be magical and unique. If you have seen Bottle
Rocket, Rushmore, The Royal Tennenbaums, Life Aquatic, and Darjeeling
Limited, you will find Moonrise Kingdom to be a tired regurgitation of
a one-trick-pony director who will forever try to recreate the popular
and artistic success of The Royal Tennenbaums, his truly benchmark
work. Anderson is a very creative artist, who freely steals from French
New Wave and Italian Neo-surrealism, to craft highly choreographed and
visually intricate films that specifically show the audience exactly
what Anderson likes and how he likes to show these things; he is an
artist who works exclusively in a personal space and so far hasn't
compromised his personal artistic vision. And there is also the rub!
Anderson is incapable of working outside his space; where he once
filmed "outside the box"...he now is trapped in this box and ironically
appears no longer able to think outside that box - he is a hostage of
the aesthetics and style that define him. A tale set in the 1965 about
two pre-teens who fall in love and escape into a boy-scout fantasy of
an adventure, Moonrise Kingdom, while displaying the very artistic
template that made him a favorite of cinematophiles, is also incredibly
lifeless, pretentious, contrived and frankly, poorly written. A
stand-out cast featuring Edward Norton, Bill Murray, Bruce Willis, and
Frances McDormand are wasted on underwritten cardboard cutout
characters that are weighed down by hackneyed clich√©s and insipid
dialog. I do give kudos to the main two leads - the children - they
give the film its only signs of life; Kara Hayward would not look out
of place in a Goddard or Fellini piece. While the story is mainly about
unhappiness, disenfranchisement, and the ubiquitousness of love vs.
duty, it also provides no real substance regarding these themes,
meandering along until its trite conclusion. Moonrise Kingdom is a film
that suffers the failure of style over substance - in so much as Wes
Anderson's signature moves such as tracking from perfectly composed
room to perfectly composed room, are now too obvious and no longer meld
in the wholeness of the cinematic aesthetic, but instead point out, too
glaringly, that you are watching a Wes Anderson film. There is a
difference between suddenly seeing a Stanley Kubrick image and saying
"oh yeah, this must be a Kubrick film" to watching a Wes Anderson film
and throughout the entire film you are drubbed to oblivion with the
fact that you are watching a Wes Anderson film. Within 10 minutes of
the opening, I was tired of seeing what I was watching - it was so
contrived and such a shameless display of idiosyncrasy that the film
became a quest to find something new and fresh in it, and unfortunately
there is none to be found. With a script that is full of humor but none
of it funny, full of quirky characters but none of them interesting,
and full of pretty visuals that add nothing to the story, Moonrise
Kingdom seems like the death knell of the prototypical Wes Anderson
film. But I doubt this will ever stop him - I applaud his artistic
integrity and refusal to compromise with mainstream Hollywood, but
ultimately he is becoming Quentin Tarantino - a one-note carnivalist
forever trying to recreate the success of his early work (Reservoir
Dogs is still by far Tarantino's best work and all subsequent films are
the recyclage of Pulp Fiction, the film where QT blew his entire
artistic wad, just like Anderson did with The Tennenbaums) by insisting
on a personal style that is adored by many but offers nothing new to
the medium through which the artist tries to communicate. Like Bill
Murray's character, when told to stop feeling sorry for himself, I
ask... "why?"
