1
Revisionist history at its finest.

First off, my aunt worked at 'The Cape' during this time and never
heard of this. She was working in the same section as these ladies
supposedly were working. Now, lots of personnel were in flux during
this time and she may have missed them, but people talk and no one ever
talked to her about an entire group of black ladies calculating
launch/orbital dynamics. In the south, this would have been a major
story even in the sixties. This is a great movie as movies go, but it
was hard for me to enjoy it while sifting through all the overt
political statements. I saw where the movie only made around half a
million dollars on opening weekend. Also, I read reports of actresses
buying out an entire theater's showing of this movie. So, that explains
the obscene total gross of the movie. I'm sure special interest groups
bought out theaters to pad the numbers as well. The idea that our brave
astronauts were nothing more than space monkeys taking a ride on the
backs of black, female mathematicians is insulting to both parties.
They had scratch paper and slide rules in the 60's and every engineer
had them. Showing someone climb a ladder to calculate trajectories on a
blackboard is theatrical, but adds questions to the credibility of this
story. Henderson's performance IS Oscar worthy--and I love Olivia
Spencer. I am just worried that more and more of our nation's history
will be revised to give MORE credit than where credit was actually due.
One thing that truly bothers me: this movie was released AFTER most of
the people involved with this stage of the space program were deceased.
So, there is no way to ASK anyone if this is factually correct. Also,
I'm sure this will be required viewing at schools during black history
month.
