1
"The Campaign" Is Incredibly Disappointing. One of the Worst Films I Have Ever Seen.

"The Campaign" is truly atrocious. If you watch this film, you will be
disappointed. It sounds like it would be hard to go wrong with a cast
that includes Will Ferrell, Zach Galifinakis, Jason Sudeikis, John
Lithgow, and Dylan McDermott and a director like Jay Roach who has
experience with both silly comedy ("Austin Powers in Goldmember") and
mature political dramas ("Game Change" and Recount"). It went wrong.
This film was torture to sit through. My expectations were high for
"The Campaign" and were immediately lowered. I wanted a sharp political
satire and received a low-brow farce made with absolutely no
intelligence. The plot is almost nonexistent. Two candidates compete
for votes and constantly try to destroy each other. The film
mean-spirited, nasty, stupid, and 100% laugh-free. The brilliant Jack
McBrayer is utterly wasted in a raunchy scene that makes you realize
that you've wasted your money. Will Ferrell once again plays an
exponentially exaggerated frat boy and Zach Galifinakis is nothing more
than a crass homophobic stereotype. The one and only good performance
is Dylan McDermott as a ruthless campaign strategist named Tim Whatley
(the name of a dentist on Seinfeld) The ending totally reverses what
the rest of the film has established, not that it gets better. the film
starts out as a raunchy and tasteless farce and ends on a trite and
sentimental note. "The Campaign" is a truly horrendous film.
