1
The Cheese Stands Alone

I simply cannot comprehend why this movie is being heralded as Pixar's
finest. It is flawed in so many ways, which is uncharacteristic of
Pixar. The concept is wholly unoriginal, which lead me to believe that
Pixar would present us with something astounding to compensate, but
what they have given us is unimaginative human characters whose
personified emotions represent exhausted stereotypes. When we meet the
father's emotions, they're lazily watching sports instead of taking an
active interest in family dinner time, while the mother's emotions try
to resign themselves to the fact that they have settled for a schlub
instead of a handsome ex lover. The daughter is presented as the
perfect all-American girl and we are never given even a glimpse of her
being anything but perfect until the emotions Joy and Sadness find
themselves ejected from the control center of her mind. Then suddenly
she's the clich√©d brat that lazy story telling will have us believe of
every tween and teenager. The most unbelievable action of this
character comes when this seemingly ideal daughter decides that in
order to be happy she should run away from her loving home and travel
alone across the country. All the while, mom and dad take this in their
stride as though she's always behaved this way. All this, we are shown,
is because the only emotions running the show are anger, disgust and
fear, since joy and sadness are still trying to return to the control
center. By Pixar's logic, we are incapable of rational actions without
joy and sadness. Okay, I get that it's a movie, but this is bad
writing. At one point we are expected to accept Sadness's antics simply
because she claims that she doesn't know why she's doing what she's
doing. What!?! If the ones controlling the brain cannot account for
their actions, then what is the point of the premise? Perhaps the
sequel will show us the emotions inside the heads of the emotions
sadness, joy and the rest. Aside from the terrible story line and lack
of character depth, the film lacks the usual humor we have come to
associate with Pixar, and while Joy and Sadness's quest to get back
where they belong is undoubtedly frustrating for them, the constant
obstacles they encounter make it almost unbearable to sit through.
Mostly, I feel, because again and again they keep getting sooooo close,
only to have something happen and they have to find another way,
finally making it happen through the use of a stack of imaginary
boyfriends. Let me say that again: They finally get back to control by
stacking up a bunch of imaginary boyfriends. Yes, I know, it's a movie,
and a cartoon at that, but this is Pixar. We have come to expect
better. Well, I have, at least. Judging by the other reviews and the
box office, Inside Out is a huge hit. I still cannot fathom why. I must
be taking crazy pills.
