9
A great adaptation of the Jack Kerouac's classic novel

Watched at the Cannes Film Festival. For a young audience jaded and
sick of a seemingly constant avalanche of super hero and action block
buster no-brainer movies this film will shine like a refreshing breath
of much desired escapism in times of depression and high unemployment.
Though having made previously multi-awards winning films and having
worked with some amazing actors in the past, Walter Salles finally has
been allowed to work with some the hottest young Hollywood stars, this
will surely really hit pay-dirt for him and open up his work to a whole
new generation and market, with film enjoying a much wider release,
transcending the usual art-house cinema's he has previously been
limited to. The film will appeal both to the large demographic audience
of teen film goers but also an older generation of book readers curious
to see how one of the most inspirational novels of their teens turns
out now that it has finally hit the screens over half a century since
it's first release. The film seems part biopic as it departs often from
the book, young audiences will easily connect and relate to mind-set of
Kerouac as they are given insight into one of America's legendary
free-spirits that pre-dated "Generation X" and the much earlier Easy
Rider generation by decades. Whilst Kirsten Stewart will draw a large
teen audience following for the Twilight Saga movie franchise, Riley
for his stand-out award winning art-house performances, it will be the
scenes of drug taking, sexual experimentation, visuals of haunting
beautifully shots landscapes and a sense of escapism that will all have
a massive teen audience appeal, but most memorable of all will be
Garrett Hedlund star in the making, charismatic scene stealing
performance that will be prominent in reviews, garner excellent
word-of-mouth and leave an indelible mark.
