3
Disappointing

Like a lot of people I suspect I was hooked by the trailer. This
purported to be a lot of gory fun. Initially I was quite impressed with
the set up - a no-hope punk band touring deadend bars for little or no
money, still hoping to make it in the music scene. Hence accepting a
slightly dubious gig at a remote bar for white supremacists. There are
quite nice little bits which really kept my interest--like when they
arrive at the bar to set up in rural hicksville with Neo-Nazis all
roaming around with their skinheads and they're told not to leave their
gear in the hallway because of the strict fire code the bar has. Heh.
But from that point on the whole thing went badly wrong. One of them
witnesses a "horrific" crime. ? He walks into the "Green Room" to find
a girl stabbed on the floor. Given the place they are in, the free-
flow of drugs, the hideous (imo) music blasted at intolerable levels in
the dark, the smashed bottles, the knives, the violence all natural at
such a gig, why would finding one stabbed girl be such a shock that the
whole band goes into meltdown from that moment on? I didn't get it.
Anyway, they do and so they have to be contained until the situation
can be resolved. Again, I was totally lost by this time. Why did the
Nazis not just kill them and hide the bodies? Feed them to the pigs?
Dogs? Skinheads? Whatever. No, an elaborate plot had to be invented
that didn't involve them being damaged by human means so they could be
set up as having trespassed at another place and attacked by the dogs?
Err... yeah. Overly complex and ridiculous. This could have been really
good. It wasn't. I was rooting for the dog. He was sort of cute, if you
can get over him tearing out a punk-rocker's throat. But it did pass a
wet afternoon. I suspect more beer might have been needed to truly get
this movie.
