10
So Scarlet portrays an Asian?

This movie was shot for Imax.In the non anamorphic wide screen ratio of
1.85.1 it fills the whole Imax screen and the 3D does the job to bring
you into the story with dimension and perspectives.That A-hole
Cutter,played by Peter Ferdinando reminds me of a politician despise
that's in our government.It seems like Scarlet is wakes up in an
operation table that she was in an explosion from a boat coming to
futuristic Tokyo,with her parent gone.They saved her mind ,but they
build a new body.It take s place in the future with humans half robot
and there is a very few real ones .In 3D it looks great too.She's told
that she is a police women out to look for terrorist.It seems a bunch
of sale men and at a geisha house with robot geisha ,who all of a
sudden turns against them and kills them Scarlet and her
assistant,played by Pilou Asbaek,boy what a name!who looses his eyes in
an explosion and has it replaces with robot eye lenses, to search for
the murderers.There boss,played by Takeshi Kitano ,speaks Japanese only
with titles.One of the d.r.'s who created of the half human half robot
,played by Juliette Binoche,I thought was Isabella Rossalini.The action
in just come out of the screen,there were surprises that just scared me
when it happened that I screamed.After so many shootings and
explosion,she finally catches up with the murder only to discover that
he was screwed up half human half robot failure and he was getting back
at the corporation for deforming him .She confronts Binoche about this
and discovers that they had murdered about 98 people ,I think,to
finally be a successful with Scarlet and that other scenario was just
programmed in her brain.Cutter wants her destroyed now,but, Binoche
helps her escape with the truth about her past.The scene where she
united with her real mother ,who is Japanese,I don't know who the
actress is, I think it could of been Kaori Momoi ,is heart warming
.This is when Scarlett later discovers that she was a part of a
activist group,led by the murderer,played by Michael Pitt,that felt
that technology was taking over too much of society and they were all
arrested by cutters police and murdered to create half human
androids.Now Scarlett has to Battle Cutter who get his just
deserts.Wonderful movie and with the Imax and 3D affects, great.04/1/17
