9
Mama delivers the terror while building a exceptional story for a horror film.

"MAMA", a film executively produced by Del Toro follows the story of
two little girls that are found in the wilderness for five years. They
are then adopted by their Uncle Luke (Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau) and his
girlfriend Annabel (Jessica Chastain)and right off the bat, strange
things start happening. While trapped in the woods, Victoria (Megan
Charpentier)and Lily (Isabelle Nelisse) formed a guardian to protect
and care for them, who they call Mama.This is an excellent movie. Be warned that it does remain dependant on
jump scares to scare you, but they are what I like to call "true jump
scares". Not a cat bursting out of a corner, or a shoe falling from the
sky. "Mama" utilizes CGI by creating dark, disturbing images along with
a tense orchestral sound track to scare your pants off. The acting was
also superb, particularly Jessica Chastain and Megan Charpentier.
Isabelle was solid also, but I had a feeling that before every take,
she was told what to do, but Megan was old enough to understand the
script and story. Something that really impressed me was how the story
unfolded, and how beautifully the mother daughter relationship was
portrayed. The cinematography was also one of the most beautiful jobs
I've ever seen on a horror film. Camera work was steady and the dolly
shots were smooth and suspenseful. Overall, Mama was a terrifying
horror movie with a beautiful story and wonderful camera work. I hope
this movie is recognized as a classic for years to come. This movie
also proves that PG-13 horror movies can be scary after all. 9/10.
