5
An Anti-American political drama that fails miserably

The trailers were a bit deceiving. It looked like an action packed
film, but it was a heavy political drama instead. Needless to say, I
thought this movie was a mixed-bag. It has moments where it reels you
in with some brilliant tension, but then loses your interest altogether
by being overly talky and depressing. This movie is a pretty joyless
movie that doesn't offer much in the way of entertainment. I'm
extremely picky on political movies because they have a tendency to be
really boring. This movie falls under that category. There is some
action. I'll give Sean Penn credit for holding his own in that
department. He looks buff and seems to be in pretty good shape, but he
wasn't that convincing in the role of a tough guy. He does fine during
the fights, but he felt out-of-place. I've definitely seen him do
better. Javier Bardem is fun, but goes a bit OTT. He doesn't know when
enough is enough. Idris Elba isn't in the movie as much as you may
think. His part isn't much. Jasmine Trica isn't that great as the love
interest. She's bland and didn't offer anything special. I didn't buy
her romance with Penn. Winstone has presence and does fine his role.
Mark Rylance makes a boring villainThis movie is overlong, plodding, boring, and way too heavy-handed to
fully succeed. It has its moments, but not nearly enough of them. Wait
for cable, VOD, or Blu-Ray/DVD! Don't waste your money on it at a
theater. 5.5/10
