9
No spoiler review - One of the best of 2015

Note : of course I didn't see every movie of 2015, but from what I've
seen... This is in my top 3 if not the best I've seen. Of course : you
have to like a certain genre to like this. But this is kinda
everything, If you like anything you probably would like this movie.
But, an issue of course is... It is more one thing than another. It is
mainly a romance. But, I feel it has something for everyone. It is SORT
OF a thriller. (The whole concept is very creepy. Very intense.) drama
(well, it IS a romance, and in every romance there is bound to be
drama), a sci-fi (see : the plot. Plus, a lot of space info. As one of
the mains is an astronomer), and basically everything. It is
appropriate for all ages (maybe not 11 and under. It is kinda intense
for some 12 year old kids, but it's okay for teenagers I'd say.) But, I
can stress enough that THIS IS MORE OF A ROMANCE, if you don't like
romance AT ALL, don't see it. Like, if you can't tolerate then. I WILL
say it is for everyone, but I also have to say IT IS A ROMANTIC movie.
It is basically like a Nicholas Sparks movie, with a HUGEEE twist. It
isn't a TYPICAL Nicholas Sparks movie, I'll say. It has great acting, a
great plot, a great script, I only gave it a 9 because it is a TAD BIT
predictable around the ending. I won't spoil, but if you like to be
surprised, the ending will disappoint. But still... This movie will be
good for you unless you like surprises and hate romance. OVERALL. ;
Acting - 9/10 *cant complain. Really great. Plot - 10/10 Script - 9/10
*again, very romantic. 2 great love stories (3 if you count one they
didn't focus on AT ALL) Ending - 9/10 *besides the predictability it
was great.* Overall - 9/10
