2
A really poor comedy

Sex Tape tells the tale of a couple who, as the title suggest, make a
sex tape and it gets leaked. Now this is a perfect example of a great
concept that morphs into a really bland and unfunny movie. Cameron Diaz
and Jason Segal play a bored married couple trying to spice things up.
For the sake of the film, these characters are needed but the actors in
the roles are surprisingly typecast at this point. Jason Segal plays an
R-rated version of his How I Met Your Mother character and it doesn't
exactly benefit him at this point because these are the roles he is now
stuck in. He's very good at what he does but this is the one film where
his performance grows weary about mid way through. Cameron Diaz isn't
much better either, while she does generate a couple chuckles it still
isn't nearly enough to help it. The supporting cast featuring Rob Lowe
and Rob Corddry do generate most of the laughs, it again doesn't make
for anything of a redeeming quality. Jake Kasdan directs from a poorly
executed screenplay that features a great idea and glimpses of its
genius in some of its twists but they are not enough to set this comedy
apart from the million other R rated comedies that have come and gone.
Much like Bad Teacher, this film has maybe two good scenes while the
rest become bogged down with useless crude jokes for the sake of having
a R rating. Overall, Sex Tape marks another disappointing comedy with
its overtly crude for the sake of being crude scenes and flat
performances.
