7
The Cello & Guitar

What sleight of hand! A moving love story between a high school cellist
prodigy & a rising rock star (slightly older). If I stay implies a
choice is to be made. Perhaps there is. Who am I to say? If there is no
one knows for sure, & if they proclaim otherwise, they are a clear &
obvious fraud. This story revolves around this existential question &
successfully gives deep & equal background for both. Many will flat out
cry, & I remember two instances of prolonged hard blinks, fighting off
tears. The maturation of Chloe Grace, as I call her, has been sublime to
watch. I rarely watch Carson Daly, but remember the genuineness & wit
from his interview with her before an early hit movie. This was
ingrained into my memory as someone to keep track of. She displays
masterful acting, as the female lead. If I could buy stock in an
actress, she would be my blue chip 1st choice. Everything about her is
amazing, including her "Joliesque" lips. They are similar, yet all her
own. It gives me great pleasure to recommend this movie. It was enjoyable to
see the clear chemistry between boy & girl. They were successful in
portraying the emotions of true love, the give and take, and sacrifices
that make it endure. Chloe Grace Moretz outshines everyone else in the
story. The supporting cast was good, but never had the chance the
moment she was cast. The ending seems predictable but it was far from
it. The director makes two equally compelling cases for her choice.
Enjoy this movie about young adult love, and don't be surprised if you
compare it to your own love stories. I rate this a very solid 7/10
stars on the back of Chloe Grace's performance. Others who enjoy this
genre more than I may well rate it 1-2 stars higher. Chloe Grace
continues to rise in her mastery of the art. Knox D. Alford, III
