4
I surrender

If you wanted to make a movie that was successful at the box office,
you could plug the story lines of the top 25 movies for the last 10
years into a computer and have it generate a plot. It would probably
come up with a new genre called the 'romantic action comedy'. It would
probably come up with, 'This Means War'. I spent most of the movie
trying to figure out who it was targeted for. First, no adult with a
few functioning neurons will find the plot compelling. I doubt if women
would find the romance unforgettable. I, therefore, concluded that the
movie was targeted towards 15 year old boys out on their first dates.
Yes, there are the obligatory action scenes with the required number of
explosions and car chases, but this is mainly to wake up the
13-year-olds who fell asleep during the 'romantic' scenes. The comedy,
and I am stretching the dictionary definition of that word here, comes
mainly from the sexual remarks of Chelsea Handler and are directed at
the same sleepy 13-year-olds.It's too bad. I like Reese Witherspoon and, prior to this movie, I had
concluded that she was never in a bad movie. Isn't she being offered
any better roles than this? It is one of the few movies where you feel
sorry for the guy who gets the girl. Actually, by that point in the
movie, you really don't care. Yet, the sad truth, the very sad truth is
that the movie will probably be a box office hit, a fact that will
generate more movies in this genre and keep computer programmers
employed for years to come.
