10
A masterpiece on a massive scale.

George Miller returns with a bang and takes the helm of this crazy 2hr
bonkers extravaganza named Mad Max: Fury Road. First of all, the stunts
and action sequences are SPECTACULAR. Tom Hardy breaths life into Max
Rockatansky and Charlize Theron is excellent and emotionally perfect as
Furiosa. The story opens, with Immortan Joe who has young ladies as his
wives, but he'll goes down when they escape the sadist's hands. Max,
who has a violent past with Joe's cronies, decides to help Imperior
Furiosa take the girls somewhere safe. Furiosa can't trust Max, and
neither can he. So it all comes down to Joe's cronies fighting against
them reaching to their destination. The movie is a bananas car chase
for the runtime, as Max and Furiosa work together to fight against the
evils. And then, there is Nux, a bonkers "really skin coloured" guy,
who works with Joe, played well by Nicholas Hoult. The 3D really pays
off, and is worth the extra ticket. The movie puts all other action
movies of shame, the effects really pop out. Well, this is a definite
masterpiece. One of the best movies of the year, one of the best action
movies ever made and the role of Theron's life. Miller is truly a
mastermind as stated clearly in the trailer. This exceeded my
expectations, and will exceed yours as well. The dark style, dark
comedy and the over the top characters make a return in this reboot.
Must watch, and worth the extra IMAX 3D ticket.
