7
Lanthimos' Latest is a Solid, Sordid Cinematic Venture

While I wasn't a huge fan of "The Lobster" after viewing it for the
first time, it has been a film I gradually came to appreciate and
admire for its unique audacity. I was looking forward to Yorgos
Lanthimos' new film ever since strong (albeit polarizing) reviews
started coming out of Sundance. While not perfect, "The Killing of a
Sacred Deer" is a well-made, twisted film that is audacious and often
hard to categorize.It's not easy to give away the plot of this film without bordering on
revealing spoilers. As a result, all I will say is that it revolves
around the life of a surgeon in Cincinnati who befriends a teenage boy
that ends up placing a curse on his family--leading to horrific
results. The acting in the film is excellent, and Lanthimos' signature
blunt and emotionless style of writing is on full display here. While
the film's pacing could definitely have been improved (the main plot
device is not introduced until halfway through,) Lanthimos still proves
that he knows his stuff as a skilled auteur. Dramatic irony forms the
backbone of the film's narrative technique, and it is effectiveness
within the film's storytelling is utterly brilliant. Many will be
surprised at the shocking ending, which is unlike anything else you
have seen in a movie lately (even if you've seen "mother!") It will
further make the film a very polarizing one for audiences. At the
showing I attended this morning, I overheard two people say it was the
worst movie they have ever seen while walking out. Make no mistake:
this movie is definitely NOT for everyone. But for discerning audiences
who can appreciate the unique chills that Yorgos Lanthimos can send
down your spine through a pitch-black psychological horror/drama, this
movie will do the trick--and to them, I recommend this film. It's
intriguing and unique to see a film so polarizing and provocative every
once in a while, after all. 7/10
