9
bored he finds his way in life as his limit knows no bound as he loves the thrill of money and playing each agency off each other and cartels

Tom Cruise in a plane - words to bring joy to any studio boss' heart.
Now imagine if he had sunglasses on too... Sure enough, Cruise's
shades-wearing return to the cockpit here suggests that we're on board
for another iconic role. this film is a cross between catch me if you
can and jerry McGuire with show me the money?And the man himself has gone down the checklist of what he needs to
make that happen tom cruise never has dull moments all his films are
risks because of his life but he loved daredevils moments in all his
film and for his risk he gets rewarded in this film its outragouges the
amount of things he does he is proved himself here as the film feels
like catch me if you can versus Jerry McGuire with an 80 million budget
with director Doug liman from edge of tomorrow this film is just under
two House of crazy its captivating and fun its a true story of a TWA
pilot bored of the regular jobs gives up and and gets hired by the CIA
for drug smuggling and guns and take pictures of the cartels in
Columbia he took big risks he ends up working both sides like a triple
or quadruple agent flying in to jungles he makes friends with Pablo
escobar of all people Barry home town of mena is awash with money and
banks this is bizarre and flying out not knowing will he make the end
of the runaway we see him avoiding the DEA and the white house gets
involved Intel of Noriega there are so many switches in this film it
might make your head spin but thank fully you keep up with tom cruise
capturing the 80s domhnall glesson takes his character Schafer from
dangerous pen pusher to dangerous thug in particular delivering a line
If anyone finds out saying that would be a problem getting Barry lands
and training an army of foreign soldiers but does he get away with all
this and get jail or does he just take the p..s out of the law you will
just have to see it to believe this unbelievable true story 9/10
