10
Right Up There With John Wick 2 As Great Action Movies Of 2017!

I don't rarely rate movies on here, only when the movie has been
exceptional or largely exceeded by expectations on what I thought I was
going to watch. American Assassin is one of those movies. Going into
the theater, I didn't expect much other than a decent action flick
maybe something in the lines of Jason Bourne. What I got was a deeper,
darker, and FAR more sinister action movie than Bourne ever got to.
This is not a "popcorn flick"(I always hated that term), something you
just turn your brain off to see people get beat down. Although there is
a lot of violence and beating down, this will actually stimulate your
brain too. Which makes it far superior to generic Wal Mart Bin Beat Em
ups in the 5 dollar cage. All 5 Bourne movies were PG13, a lot of
people forget that. American Assassin is rated R and lets it be known.
Rated R action movies are usually a lot more realistic. People die not
get "beaten up", when someone is stabbed or shot their is blood, and
the language used is more realistic, because yes people do curse in
anger. It makes the movie far more realistic(as realistic as Hollywood
action films can be anyways) and allows you to, at least some extent
feel like YOU are part of the action. I will not spoil anything other
than to say this is EASILY the best action movie of the year right next
to John Wick 2. I have pretty high standards when it comes to action
movies, I have been watching them all my life, and personally I felt
American Assassin was a great movie.
