7
De ja vu, Anyone ?

I Soo Love the fact that Sam Raimi & his Ghosthouse productions are on
the Horror band wagon. That said I was a little disappointed in The
Possession. I'd heard the buzz about the Dibbuk box & the myth
surrounding it and thought it could bring a fresh prospective to the
genre ( even though it touts being based on a true story , yes I've
heard of the book , the author being the current possessor of said box,
I'm also aware of how Hollywood likes to stray from the facts they
proudly tout ! lol ! ) I felt for the characters involved and the weird
things they were experiencing . I was invested in going along with them
on the quest to solve the mystery! The previous owner was still alive
so we could ask, " what's up with the box lady !" but along the way the
story became... lost? uncertain ? pick the adjective of your choice ! I
couldn't help but feel a sense of de ja vu as so many of the "scares"
had already been used in Drag Me to Hell, ( which I loved !) the moths,
if you saw both I'm sure you noticed too, if not check them both out
and see. And the many scenes where we the audience are expected to be
too dense to know that if one is stabbed in the hand like the father
was you're going to the hospital at a minimum for pain killers ! yet
the next day all is well without so much as a bandage on his hand ! smh
! It tried to build up to something but the climax had me going, "
that's it ?" , the scene in the morgue gave me the willies more than
that ! And you , I and Stevie Wonder saw that ending coming, maybe not
the exact method, but we saw it coming. Overall in spite of it's self I
still enjoyed it because I'll watch anything horror , but with warning
I would have waited for the video , So, you've been Warned !
