5
Shallow and inconsistent

Eh, it started out well. Ryan Gosling played a stunt driver who finds
out he has a 1 year old son with Eva Mendez and decides to quit and
build a life with them but she already has a man. But for some reason
Ryan Gosling gets into the picture anyway. Its unclear what Eva
Mendes's character thinks about Gosling and nothing is shown about her
new relationship. Gosling decides he needs money to provide for them
and starts robbing a bunch of banks(even though they seem to be doing
just fine). He does spend some time with his son but oversteps his
boundaries and then assaults Eva Mendes's boyfriend/husband? She cuts
him off and he goes back to bank robbing and is chased by Bradley
Copper. Ryan Gosling dies during the chase and Bradley Cooper is racked
with guilt. He is treated as a hero but feels conflicted because he
also has a 1 year old son who he can't look into the eye do to guilt.
The second act of the movie deals with police corruption and resolves
itself in a way that undermines the feelings I had about Bradley
Cooper's character. The third act is the worst. First of all, its set
15 years later and Ryan Gosling and Bradley Cooper's offspring meet and
there are violent consequences. Both young men are lost and angry but
there is no depth given to them. Eva Mendes is aged considerably but
Bradley Copper is not. Eva Mendes' son does not look part Latino at all
or anything like Ryan Gosling. His character acts like hes from a
different movie. His confrontations with Bradley Copper and his son
make little to no sense. The characters lack motivation and are not
consistent. In one scene both young men seem to be social outcasts in
another one appears to be very popular. One one scene Bradley Copper's
character appears to be moral the next scene he only cares about
himself.
